You know that what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, probably I'm the author for children in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and experiences.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that you get somewhere in place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a spirit.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolland.
It's the kind of complicated circle which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, at Stone, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
The one that they hit till every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a pilot, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Post he said, "I need to see you.
And I'm responsible for adults to never meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to do this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clarke.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we exchange, and we took care of it, and we fell out of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, became a content box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle was closed, he had become a circle -- and that epidemic that he talked to you about was made in itself.
The experience is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It's really true and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I was talking about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first testing.
I was stimulated.
My heart rate fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The testing to me around the water was almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't think that it was a little bit of snow on a little bit of snow over a year after year.
The triangles are born when they wake up from glaciers or break the ice barriers out.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to give up and stay down until the end of the end, whereas others can't get it more and spread into a dramatic passion artist.
It's easy to think, when you see a test, that are isolated and alone, in large measure as we see sometimes as a human.
But the reality is the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to be able to photograph these testing as if I was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments they exist in that way, and they won't be able to exist again.
It's not death when they melt, it's not an end, but a continuation of your path by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice ice that I photograph is very young. It's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a test that I photographed in Kendalos, Greenland.
It's kind of frequent to actually get to present a red test.
Here you are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling around, the ship has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a thing from Greenland -- average size.
Walker from the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one by making a baby. Okay.
So two couples every single baby.
I don't want them to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this scenario, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
They both learn and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity I tend to make two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the anatomy.
I'm a story of training, and what I study in this case is the way people embrace anatomy -- -- of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate, or as I say sometimes, impacts of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working for example, with male twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with the environment, people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit on the male sequences and the conventional females.
On the general lines, we can call it interactive.
Interview adopted many ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that is not uncomfortable in male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with X-ray basement whose gene SRI of the chromosome and tells the proteins, that we all have in the fate life, that become tests.
And then, in fatal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone. The body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome to the anger.
So there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when it's growing up and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something going on.
After doing a test of it, you realize instead of having ovaries and it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supermarket glamorous.
They're at the bottom of the body.
Supermarket glands produce announces, the manipulation hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know their criminal structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the angles.
We produce announces and respond to the anger.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angles than the woman who was born with tests who have the syndrome syndrome to the angles.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the insects are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy named a 19th year-old phone called a van, and he was raised as a woman, and I had a girlfriend, and he had a life as a guy and I had just found out that he had ovarian and she had a lot.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a frozen superconductor.
It was compared to 20th chromosomes and the superconductor grandchildren were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genital were massively, their brain was exposed to the transformative hormone component typically male.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it went at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal memory, when doctors discovered that, in fact, was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an intersection case.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as a prosthetic, which is to say, they have wind tissue wrapped into a technological tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are many varieties of sex.
The reason kids with these kinds of bodies are something -- some of them swimming, or same sandwiches, or international surgeries -- they have normal surgeries not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, presumably being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalyonine.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualized.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people in one body.
The latest recent case is last year with the South Sea Sub-Saharan South Season, he put his sex in the Bertie International Games God.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carl Season is a man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is not such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a land between men and women or men and international men and internationals, and we are the ones that we make that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought we were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable integrity categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As we see, we get into a weird terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we look at from the fact that we will be able to figure out in just a few nuclear?
And as we do in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the ways of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to find a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fees.
There are very heated discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to come up with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved it still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could reach someone like me.
So in politics I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To make these categories be much more unstable.
Tension from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admiration of the Facebook Facebooks.
I know they were racially, I know they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much looking at that music cures 1776, and not by the music, which is totally available.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activist activists and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as you all remember, what our founding parents were received, was the idea of the monster -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the right of blood transparent from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences -- that was very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an industrial system in which two things were being spent.
He was spending democracy and at the same time the science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were going away from the supernatural explanation, and then they rejected the concept of supercomputization power transmitted by it from an idea vague of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of the Independence -- talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in regard to us the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women traveled.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the Saturn of Syrian Troupe, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the row of Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that went to the anatomical coincidence.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves, why do we keep certain diversity.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divide in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't mean we had to get rid of the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were allowed to be allowed to have sex relationships or marry them.
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense and I think we should maintain it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
By the fact that there is only three months before Mary is attributed all three months before Herby -- right to sexual consent, the right to the sexual consent, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it's X, in the virtue of being considered men now is possible for the mandatory engagement that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for its part, doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman in some states.
So you still have an anatomical categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be desperate?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scream.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of practical attitude, "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people get trapped in a weird position.
For example: Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have a chromosome ...
Now, in practice they don't do business tests to people.
But this is also very strange because the story I told you at the beginning of the syndrome syndrome to the anger.
If we look at one of the founders of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to save a solution.
He says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their cartoon: going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their cartoon?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to remind people right now, because I have to admit that I know about some of them will be reported that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that perhaps some of the speakers I know can make more informed decisions and smart and drugs about their sexual relationships than people from 40 that I know.
So how do we practice the issue of the cardiovascular content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future being measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance responsibility.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to drive this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in democracy defense and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I am glad to say that we don't have a context as a surgeon that I spoke with a couple of years ago that he had made the light twin light for then to separate them and so forth.
But when the phone asked the operation of the operation -- I was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country, these kids would be very murdered, and so I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, has the political asylum instead of supply secret?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think of what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transportation studies is that women, in average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the past, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- -- I was considered feminist -- like now. I made a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist is about.
And I thought, "It's the saddest question I've heard.
The feminist has to do with destroying gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about your question, the more I think there is something female in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very happy to find the way to protect people on the part of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analogy beyond analysis," thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, we think what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in apartments are already proposed and that the other half would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability by making searchite in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas surrounding them have rules to avoid the bills and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those amazing.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place are making the construction rather than putting it in.
So I proposed that governments create new reform zones big enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that about at the same time, Japan and Income were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 planes will come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to wonder what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a destroyed constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi Lould is absolutely imposed with a platform where I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Victor to be his head of gap.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDWoman.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all of the current applications of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes as much of technologies and rules to progress and usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent it to Vietnam a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's take this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- notice, land that, in some cases, thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, he said, "Dad, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city low city is a place where it starts with foreign land, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not to live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras. He called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
I was asked to go to Technology and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denna and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denna.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the horses that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody claimed cut closely.
The faces of the audience were very serious and sandwiches.
The leader of the Congress approached the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could get to be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras. We need the aid of adopted countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the status standards take the rules of the status so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively competed.
And we went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily take a thousand square miles.
And soon after that, January 19, they voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress is in favor of 124 to one.
All the participants, all the factors in society, replaced it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting of 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to 24 of February, a deployment of about 30 horses went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that is being built in South Korea.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the permissions.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical fashion, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and then it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allowing your Supreme Court to be the last amount of last system for this new judicial system.
There are urban organizations and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to go and get a job, sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even there are kids who are trying to meet their parents that you haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to be thinking about building a new city in Hornions?
Or build a dozen these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What seems to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my fellow friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- which is that, I live with the suit.
I love to find, to sense, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog transportation and colorful and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guns in the environment and my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My way is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my talk?
Will I like the color of the color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I did for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought down.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, and nothing else.
In order for exactly a week that's all I put in my value.
I imagine that I would be able to find everything else that I want to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because I'm not known as the woman walking through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger table.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see you phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad humor, when you're seeing a bright red pants.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, integration is supermarket.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate me.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded the right people, not just you will understand you, they'll also get you.
Rives: Guilt from the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play discriminations, or I remember their little age of seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
JF: The trust is the key.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years old, I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Narrator: A universal truth six words for you: The golden legacy goes with everything.
And finally, Saturday, to develop a personal style of itself, is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because at the bottom of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant suit waiting if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these things will be picked by one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrity of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell off.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar taught you a valuable lesson -- which is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange particles.
And when you play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics.
At that point, I found the physics a few years ago, you need the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition and maybe because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it wasn't really fit at my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of little particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics in quantum mechanical principles?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to broaden it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal track.
What we see is a little bit of metal and transformation and supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this original piece of swimming path that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supply, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that adds it and the wind that happens on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced an asteroid and we extracted the whole air and then cooling it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way I was vibrating was like a breathing in this form -- as a foot that expands and contract.
And when you give it a supply slum, we were able to make it vibrating and don't go at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing comes and doesn't go at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain terms, when those are lined up.
In the rest of the time they're disappeared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on the scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was discovered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we got the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep root of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Image.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories from why we did.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide and this is access.
I grew up in India.
Good education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo in order to tell you a couple of interesting things that we've taken on from their launch.
So simply, we go to Goldiet.
Look around all the museums that there is.
There's the Guardian gallery -- the Mospher, the Emissay, the Richards, the Goal Goodway.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metronome, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and pandemic, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Would you want to navigate the museum.
We opened the plane up, and with one click, we jump in.
They're inside, who want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forward. They are distributed."
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Copens of Pieter Bruno in the Metronome.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metaphorical information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click out here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the geographical technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, 10,000 billion pilosis.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion pilots?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pilosis.
It can be done in a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to develop.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metronome, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "management, which is to hit a day with a stick on the March of Carolina.
And it seemed to be very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to skip the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night started."
The example I showed you was to find details.
But what if you wanted to see the paintbrushes?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this teacher thing?
He goes up and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the stranger night -- I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called College."
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter if you're rich or poor, or if you have a manifestation, that gives the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "Cooper: we just had a chop around it.
This is the embarrasses in the London National Gallery of London.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like to contemplating these masterpieces the teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they don't even come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium it does justice to your artwork and that is represented properly online.
And the big question that they ask me today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pilot, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting is something very interesting in French 1 in the last two decades.
A while ago, if you wanted to win a French career, it would take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering, it would be called real control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a action.
The interesting thing is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to free air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
Concerned cities is a big thing.
And as I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palest Antarctica in the Morgan, during the summer.
It's called "The "The "The Man."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to speak.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and consequences.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old Man of Michael angel.
You know, when Michelangelo anges the Moses, he said that at the end he took the hammer, and he approached it to the Moses -- and he approached it to the Moses -- and you can still see a little hair underneath it, and he said screaming, "Am I not paid?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully the 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colombia in the middle and the Tray River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there there are a so-called called moving.
It starts the particularly stage: silence.
France from France. Golf of Italy.
And entrepreneur, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regulating time.
First extra time. seconds.
Zimbab, and at a moment, the head.
Gando Italy, yeah!
That night they all went to celebrate it.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the encounter of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circuit Museum where, from the time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the power of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they behave.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in their way by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing up, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would throw out.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the trash and then we started to track it.
These are the getting results.
It was starting from Seattle.
After a week.
So with this information we realized that there are many infections in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that we rise doesn't disappear, that it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day is still there.
If we showed that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Isaac Birdistan, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarahol.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and Southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, the new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine you have a coffee and valleys, solar valves that open and shut down.
It creates like a water cortex, with paintings of water.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bellow Mayor here.
He liked a lot.
And I developed a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Expert.
We call it the Digital War.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no windows or windows -- but when you look at it so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the savages, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this case.
That days there will always be somebody in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Destroy the building."
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when you go down almost all architecture goes away.
Here it is working.
You see people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I'm myself trying not to start testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Larry came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes, and you had to jump up to not get wet.
(Audience: And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give you our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the pixels of water, and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to thinking about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with other in synchrony with other people.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels that changes.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D, where you can zoom in, and you can go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Franklin, going down to form a car, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolland -- one of the best ballet dancers today -- the Metropolitan star of the New York and the Milo Scale, to capture their movements in 3D, and use them as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels on the left, you see it in different resolution.
It's so much digital digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of clouds.
Imagine that we could make everyone donated a little bit for a pixel for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how will it happen from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collectively, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are pilots.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered from pilots.
You can move inside, you can have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it can serve to share the main moments of the 2010 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital hand at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who's going to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creativity."
How many people will choose creativity?
Hands up your hand. Let me see.
Some of them probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose the memory?
A few more.
How about the physical state.
A little less.
How about long-term?
Ah, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent issue here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the look at a doctor about the subject.
The great gene of the 20th century, T. Gorgence, who was also competed at the Olion Orchestral Russia, wrote an essay titled "No biology in biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervening there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the inside.
Some have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically insight, which comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all lead in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Dams put them out of automation, you think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hostile environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, shame, it's very advertise.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that can want no effort from their part.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force in the room.
But, by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future stop us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast financial synthesizer of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one single company -- and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entire part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I received college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two baby cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens, the rest of the body becomes previous.
In fact, you could say that the privacy of death of death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burnoris, who still played in Las Vegas well entered his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent laptop of clothes.
He looks at him and says, "I was looking for a sex skill."
"It's right." He says, "I hate the soup!
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictions, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and supporting generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a refugee rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next original level, and then let the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favors longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favors the biggest or the strongest or the faster, and not even to the smartest and not even the smarter.
Evolution favors the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the female bacteria that can survive the heat of the forests that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum -- yet they have managed to make it a hidden environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolved.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confined our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate and circles, and we get so excited about so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to make evolution happen.
A second possibility is that the traditional type of type is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are stretching down, but they're incredible.
And in the end of its isolation, when as a species we colonize distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
The so-called neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variables than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen to individual and family.
Think of also that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their disable, but in your own body to do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the apple?
Don't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and he took 13 years.
It cost $1.20 billion dollars.
The year next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost at the next 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes come from.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are going to protect us from themselves, but they will induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in the course of the vaccine against growing in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to go out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes."
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their descendance?
And if you could change the sperm and the flights, or change the newly forced flight, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, remove the homosexuality, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want the healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce disease to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt sports spreadsheets -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenning especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer time?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this up to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes we want to have become the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform, or more remote and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions know?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by doing click, click, click.
I picked up, click, click, click. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 19th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight attacks.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot applies the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most devastating words I've heard.
He said, "To prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight store.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fences I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
As I was thinking about that later I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collapse Vietnamese wins."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were growing the George Washington Bridge who was not because of a lot -- I thought, "Wow, I really feel a big party.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave place to my ego.
And just the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to have any reason, choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water to approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Woody, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness would fit into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  -- and I scream, I cry, like a little little bit.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And it came to me another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't be like that, but imagine how you would change?
What is what they would do, that they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
He came to his house after she ran and said, "Dad, I feel a smile in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony TEDx, TEDxonian and their cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second -- is not that -- you know, Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those displays?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anyone to see the movie and the marine and the marine?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to make it with the finger.
I said, "That's archive. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I got engaged with her brother and his father there at that particular time, "All right, so this is the thing: Tony is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in your inner cannot be communicated.
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GRS Reformation Brain, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser point, draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All of the things that come up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another we had made a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that texting could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking's Stephen.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call him YouTube because when you talk to the guy with the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers from all over the world literally from every corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, the children and I, moved back to the back and these hackers and programmers and constructions and analysis took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we went back to the walls of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti graphics.
But for two weeks we were programming -- we went to the shipping of Venice, my son was part of it, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Edward Supermarket, "The Network and you can see the description ...
They are a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the Martian Beach of Venice Beach, some copper wire and Home Depress and Radio Shahure.
We took a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there is a device that is free -- it builds it yourself, we publish free code -- the software goes down free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this billboard and oxygen during the great opening.
And after a year of a year, two weeks of programming, two intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the story outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you could imagine what was the feeling in the parking parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to push in the parking lot, so we felt like we were leading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and I would pull me out so I could breathe."
Isn't it wonderful?
That's what our war scream is.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and really robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
So Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the Machine Geloni in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the Streets is going to have the best expressions of urban art, Shelvis Faire, Charles Faire, Carniels.
Texas is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the School, nothing was possible at some time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocular recognition technology, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that you have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I am not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years going on in usually very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. I went to jail.
I worked on a coal mine, dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving up in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are going to be attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyzing them in a way that is entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard about it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a bird in East.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk name in 2011.
What was the following: "The Stephen Steels Presents: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and as content could explore it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spanish, I want to make a film that deals with the production of products and marketing and advertising, and that all film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The biggest movie ever sold in."
What happens in "The biggest movie ever sold is that everything from top to bottom, from beginning to end, has images of brand, all the time, from the aspherdim that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Chapter Stanford, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated with pilot to perception.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kason: It's normally. Is it? MK: Is it reductioned."
I'm a reduction period. MK: I just say that. It was more for emergency.
It was "President." forever."
But we're not just going to have the X brand palette in the title but we're going to make sure that we can take all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you've used to.
The most cool car you've ever driven in "The biggest movie ever sold -- the best term you have, correct from "The greatest movie ever sold in."
She was in the idea of the idea of showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film -- (Music: Make you fund the film MT: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Francisco: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Wow. But I don't know how recent people are going to be.
ZK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "no "no "no "no "new"lond -- but you know how it's going to reproduce? (Mospher: No idea. David Congo: How much money does it take to do this?
MS: One and a half million -- (CA: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
ZK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruddito: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Good. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Mospher: Okay. Get the camera.
MS: I thought that "the camera would mean we have a conversation outside microbes.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And it was, one of these companies suddenly disappear.
No one wanted to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed, I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media stage, is it not the idea to tell that new ventilation worthy of attention that will take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a drawing mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for improvisation images on Google --   -- this is one of the first images that you see.
I like your rolling way, Sergey Bria. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen easily -- which is characterized by the vision or accessible of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to doing it a little bit of a sudden change.
But why? Well, transparency gives you fear --  -- like that weird bear that still remains reproducing.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is the risk?
I'll eat an entire cup of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want to tell you a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is him looking at me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati from many years old, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, huge movies, giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies have so much success to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who do independent movies say, "Well, how do we suppose we're going to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies?
And the movie is called "The largest film ever sold at all.
How are we going to see Bangala specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to come out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the President Bang.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there were one of these fabulous artists.
Both "The Leath Florida as "The Park of Park are going to have its opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman, solid -- the ball, in bar.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a very good look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of films that you have to tell you, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Ben to people is the reason why this is interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bangalore."
Bin is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the anthropologist.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh thing.
I think "free is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and sun."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you cool more time? With better fragile, more fragment, three times more fresh ...
Things like those who are looking at the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-problem company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: My married?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: To revive the '80s, Panadian pandemic unless it's day of washing up.
MS: Okay, what is the German brand, right?
German: Something unique. (Mospher: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar things.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic conversation, Mercedes Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it casual visually."
Woman 2: In part of hippie in part of the dog, in part of Chicken Brown, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of beams.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Shelf screening March.
Is that anything?
Adding: I'm a lawyer.
Tom," I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom -- but often I'm pleased in the intersection of dark glass and car flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality?
And I found a company called Oliver Zaparopan in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neuman, Freedom, Calbato to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abed: Translate the photos, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why does that serve us?
What is the machine? Why do you find you now?
Why is it important to reconstructive? What does red do?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolisms have you had?
Don't have to be fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: American." (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Maya: Great job. AO: Yes. (Mospher: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Linda Zakisph, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complementary -- in your brand personality.
They stop very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies are only going to focus on one of their strong points or on the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not sure -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get married and make them become a positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are like this?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can see here to Tarm, Wiki, minister of mini Cooper and Jelian.
Now there are playful marks and brands conscious, those things that have gone and coming, but a diagnosed brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A companies brand. What's your marker?
If someone asked you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a high-performance attributed? Are you somebody who makes blood flow flow?
Or are you more like a department distributed?
A little bit more called, researched, conservative?
The acceptable attributes are like being a doctor to be cool as the Price, contemporary -- advanced, dare or authority like Everest Florida, rapid or glamour, professional, magnificent, magic or mystical like Gang.
Or are you more of the attractive attributed?
Are you aware, sophisticated like 50?
Are you stable, traditional providers, provider, protection? Do you identify Operation?
Are you confident, stable, family, confident, safe, sacred or policy, or knowledge, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube."
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, approaches and disappears, who said, "No." They didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, wouldn't have control about the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they are now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the free air.
Throughout the city for the last five years, there are no cars, no pasters, no flowers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with leadership problems in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I have had the biggest answer or in which I've been more successful are those in which I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the internals, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have gone? Did they have success?
Well, since the movie is being settled in the Sunitan Festival we take a look.
According to Burros the film is in January, and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film was still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in standard.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because all the agencies that we talked about to their customers will not be part.
I have always believed that if you get risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk is preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's embrace fear. We open the risk.
From one side at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to help transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Go to the Transparency has been presented by my good friends of EML who by 777, bought the rights of the name in East.
EM: So by building big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
MRI says, "We will be "Looking at the Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 177?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check to the name of TED mathematical TED, the Paletyphonic Foundation, a check for 77,000 to be applied to my TED attention to the next year.
The idea behind the State Children's worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise of Urbans in National.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we were able to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with the strategy.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they are completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus from Windows on a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Starbul.
We started with a Windows.
The fire goes into the gray box, damage the central degree, and the Iranian program is the grandmother -- common mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Stering six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installation used multiple fresh vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Studio and saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Strip was behaving like a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese -- it smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experiencing with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, this is a directly attacked attack.
It's completely conduct.
The installation is looking for actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stering does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal.
So we extracted and removed the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were extremely armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack for.
They probably even know how much of the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the StoryCorp instructor is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old environmental language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperature and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of real world.
We need theories about destination that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sandwich, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been refuged.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear energy plant from Juranster and the ratio of National National.
So I said to my assistant, "I am a list of all the entire entire experts and the energy plants between our clients.
I called them and put them into an effort for protecting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital loop with the control of the robot.
The rotor is that mobile part of the centralized, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this rotor -- you can certainly burn it and even make the cigarette explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and download in an obvious effort to get crazy to the nest maintenance engineers so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital purpose looking very closely to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 is in that code, you can't forget it.
I started researching scientific literature about how these schedules are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a shoes, and each waterfall contains 16 details.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These are the determinations in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code attach?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
It's not much more multiplexing -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been received after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in strangers without coming out, and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital chips were pointing to one single goal, but from different angles.
The little girl is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and ratings, and the big bow communicates with six waterfall and manipulating valves.
We are very confident that we've determined what the destination is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Nathan.
We shouldn't worry about the other goals being achieved by Strip.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- they really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and there you see the schedules.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and providing legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And, believe it or not, this fake input data is programmed by Strip.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed out of pregiographic video.
Is it great thing?
The idea here is obviously not just to put the operators in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is happening, you have to open up spaces of escape in a military.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged then they can happen bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to do specifically, with schemes, with uranium protection.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's great.
And you don't have an attack -- which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stranger.
You could also use conventional technologies of worms to disseminate it.
Design it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a marine destruction cybercriminal.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to confront the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralia, has been done in a lot of sides that people assume the Mars is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langarian," OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is the Moscow is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superconductor.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for networking. Thank you, Rali.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give you superconducting skills, or another one that makes the wheelchair users go back and walk back.
In "Bert Bionics, we call these robots, exclusions.
They are nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force that is also increasing your speed, and it helps him, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a critical idea.
So to show you now what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on their back a 40 pounds, and you are demanding it even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some major complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle this.
Let me introduce you to the HAL.
Soldier: With the HAL exoskeleton I can give you 90 pounds of variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put on to trace and execute movements with great aggregation.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Edward Bender, we're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
It's a reality.
We're going back now to look at the wheelchair users about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the world, in wheelchair around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the spine column that when they start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is able to be multiplied to be multiplied.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELLMs that are using Amanda Bolivian who was 19 years ago had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boly? Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELL: I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the edge of the edge, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the hip. And in the knees and they make it progress with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when it was a strange jump in the air, looking at the bottom of the ground was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and everything moving out of the penetration down.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amanda, I'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole myself to the last list of hope of my being.
The adoption technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to let me go down on the scale, climb rocks and even ride in bicycle billion.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they practice sex to say hello, and game is the order of the day where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Aristotle or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives together.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much hostile in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of big apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen jungle, and it's been very hard to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the line itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also plays the survival of the bonobos.
The death of hunting meat and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by getting the trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes "make love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and primary and bisexual sex to manage conflict and social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems in humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kate Sudden.
The bonobos like humans, they love to play throughout their entire life.
It's not just a child's game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance for us.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity, diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos recently taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a bone style game, and I don't talk about football thing.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it's got it from the balls."
I just think that in this case to him loves her, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as much in Bonobos and in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like the tests, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is police.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more crazy, imaginative -- maybe the place where the wonder, the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fuller, a young female who's playing with water closely.
I think that, as she was, sometimes we played alone, and we explored the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that companies that propelled us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our comfort committee.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the most out of our game capacity to us?
The game is not free.
The game is essential.
For antibiotics and humans alike, life is not just cruel and destroyed.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments where the most urgent thing.
So the primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, the friendship and the wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hollywood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I ate fires as a captain of captain in a voluntary fire body.
And in our city, where the volunteers get to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a career race against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain of capitalism, he was cooled in a conversation with the property that had no doubt to go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the middle of the night, she was standing outside the rain, under a particular, lower school, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just came up with before I was -- we read Lego Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
Dog." I was so close."
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money, which, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people I walked into a building in calls to save a living person just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a desert.
He said, "Berrent, I need to go between the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- in the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that at that height or less or less had ended up taking the fire and walked into the front room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back the staircase where I met my Namibia and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We took out of the house to the dream of house where, as it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department had got a letter from the house of house by the very brave proven to save their house.
The kindness she looked at about the other thing was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer fire I am witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also about acts of thanks and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
And so, when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they're to get up, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining -- they clean a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they come into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bers, thank you.
This may seem strange, but I am a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LGBT was happening this.
He was called a carbon stability broken.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or homes.
LOL made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advertise: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like concrete block -- the transistor allows you to create a lot more and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literals.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Literate is electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they come together by manuals.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the word.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and so quickly you can start making higher circuits.
A blue with a green is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator here.
If we change the button by a pilot cord, that's here, and now we have a light interest.
We added this board to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literals are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and solar, Lincoln allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower or slower and just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind lentils is it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken literatures to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience start to play with litigation as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fish, we have Google creating George.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took literatures to the Rhode Island School designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in coal, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active concrete cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a laptop made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literals became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of all.
And so lithium has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for to engage with the environment to focus on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can. We can keep the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is solar.
Oh, I get the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be stressed, and we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Come Consumer for America and would be like a personal Peace Forest.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the multiplexing.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world wild.
They did big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know A.
This is a high Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a date, but what really looks for is someone clean it when you get trapped by the snow because you know it's not very good at throwing fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help this simple way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Memes for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was talking a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members named Erik Michigans noticed something else: that citizens cleaned out with the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept cleaning it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't, someone can rotate it.
I mean, it has a medical component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications in the past year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And they spread in viral form.
A responsibility of the city of the city of Hollywood by looking at this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but so that citizens fit up the tsunami shirts.
It's very important that these tsunami ships, but people were stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens look at the tablet deserts.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to register to clean sidewalks when it snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you will know that this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court of California that even the time has cost 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form, is a kind of a stream of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the government better to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, in open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the government issue that has new generation, not as a problem of an anti-and-a-half institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Come for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contributed to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain about it, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at DNA "The Autonomous "The Autonomously "The Autonomously "The Autonomously "The Autonomous "The Government is essentially in the words of Tim Redwood, "What we do together because we only can't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government did.
And because the government ultimately sends out of us -- remember that of "We, the village? The way to think about it affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly about frameworks.
This is the center of telephone care and information.
It's the place that you call the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott took this call.
In the basis of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put music right and see if it goes?
And it worked. So well for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the faces.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called "Cities Connect.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the New Mechanical Medical Office of Boston.
One day, this really happened this asked -- "Mahame in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to take it?"
Citizens Connect dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Cities Connect everything is public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
War from? Yes. life? Yes.
I went back. I went home.
Good night, "dark footprint."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the income income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected to two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we get the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry in the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
Below is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that challenge that keeps it that we have that that we fund as something that operates in our contract, that other thing, and in regard we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That's the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the and the fire report of the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't stop government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act by the massive, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I was a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about.
They can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot about making their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government work.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking walks, dumping a garbage cube that has a ship inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not just consumer consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at and listening to these strangers has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would have no other way.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach it with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good stuff, but if it's charitable -- it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia, about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also lovely.
When I was little and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was stored.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at her, and he came up to me and said, "Brand, you still feel my abamburg?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins running out.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and smiling him, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and she got up the room, and he took me out of my hand and said, "Look British. We are going to convert them."
I remember this as if I was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brand, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mari."
She said, "Now I claim you won't get it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want me to promise three things, Bruno."
I said, "Sure, Mam."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me that will always be carefully."
As I walked to my mom, I said, "Yes, Mam, so I'll do."
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to promise me is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard."
I thought it and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I'll do it."
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mam, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the South rural South -- I have a brother a year old and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a step of six beers -- I don't know where I pulled them up, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just came up by doing the crazy nuts.
He took a series of beer, offered to my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You're going, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a beer.
I was pleased by the force with force and said, "Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mommy, tell all the grandchildren that are special."
I was closed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread widely apart.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it because of the power of identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't make sense of it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the profit.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to get to compared.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country today is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in online freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it finds so much destruction, so much despair.
One from every three black between the 18 and the 30 years is in jail or in conditions.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, Washington -- from 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or conditions.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a court system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not value, but wealth is what the results are.
And it seems to us that we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and funding makes us believe that these are not the problems of us.
We're discovered.
I think it's interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you of rights forever if you have a criminal confinement.
Right now, 74 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of loss will be as elevated as it was before they were approved to the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where they sit for 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for kids, no possibility to go out before.
Now we're in process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for crime commitments?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill them.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in the United States is defined by mistake.
Out of every nine people executed -- it has identified one that is innocent and liberated from death running.
One rate of error -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to be able to pilot airplanes if from every nine who would take off, you would have a star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
Really, we don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be linked.
They were concerned to be mountain.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, makes speeches -- I tell people who stop saying that in our history we were dealing with terrorism.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grow with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with segregated and decades of racial sub-Saharan and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this engagement, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences on the death penalty death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's well worried to hear what you say.
He said, "We don't have death row in Germany.
We will naturally never have it here."
The room stood in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and definitely, we would be able to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would it take people, especially if they were in their own Jews more?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really worry about these hard issues, positive things and wonderful things are yet involved.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated with technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are embraced by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalization.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the weights, those who will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, the development is not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the heart convictions as well.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and unfortunate thing, but also the dark and the difficult thing.
Valley Haven, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression. We were all kind of stuff, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and textbooks."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think yet, that even in communities like TED, it must be compromised.
There is no unknown disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it back.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Park.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me to say, "Brand, the lady Parks come, we're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?"
I said, "I know "Let. I do."
So she said, "Well, what will you do when you come from?"
I said, "Get them."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very simultaneous, very lighting.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brian. Give me the idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been confined by unfortunately.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the lives of life, without parole.
We tried to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in the prisons.
We try to end mass screens?
He gave it all my best speech, and he looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "Man meme myself."
And he said, "You're going to get showed up, very fascinated."
At that point, Ms. Carter interviewed me on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very very value."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, not that it's a lady.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer person.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I actually think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very little little little little small, it's not going to be judged by our technology, by our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the end, the character of a society, not for the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat poor people, the conventions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start understanding really profound issues about what we are.
I sometimes feel based. I'm going to end up with a story.
I sometimes do too hard.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of depression.
I go to prison, and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been helically heavy to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become somebody in what's not it?
The judge was held as an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was too awake thinking about thinking, by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a motivation.
He had a 14 year-old customer, a little boy, black black.
I started working on the motivation, with an encounter that said, "Mother so that my 14 year-old black client, is treated as a private white of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the mutation I found that there was a behavior in the acceptance, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line on how in this country there is no ethic but a lack of ethics in this country.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that incredible motivation would be a dream or did I really write it?
For my horror, I had not only recruited it, but I had sent it to the cut.
It took about two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt truly excited, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the piece.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally went down the car. I walked to the player.
I was climbing up the stairs when I met a higher black man, was the conservation of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer? He said, "Are you lawyer? I said yes.
So I got approached and open me.
And I got whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was sympathetic.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When the judge saw me.
She said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this shot monitor?
I said, "I know Mr. I was my -- and we started discussing it.
People started coming out. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with the police forests attached, the advertising.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all funny because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the horse of the eye I got to see the consensus he was going and came.
He looked down the window and encouraged all of that scream.
He kept walking up here and for there.
Finally, this old black one, with the face face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the break, a service of the algebra was shown because the consensus had entered the room.
The attack was about the old black.
and he said, "Michelograph, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up, looked at the attack, looked at me and he said, "In this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with search."
I've come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't worry about human rights and digital.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our views of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must be linked to the frankly, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with seeking.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a check. What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities close to it.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reform this spring in which it will be an effort in which it is going to be able to give up the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the hospitals are not concerned in arrested.
86 percent of the rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to get the law to take the law, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the criminal in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said to do with the greatest rate of excitement.
What would you say to those who think that is this?
BC: Actually, the crime of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let us convince for the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people on the side of the paint to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property instead of making those resources back into their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited about today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for coming to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: grow the threats for Bin Laden death.
Colorado 2: Hambor in Somalia, Colorado 3: The police parades pepper gas.
Copenhagen 4: Takes -- Coast 5: Morchester Five.
Copenhagen 6: social Denegaria. Social 7: 65 dead.
Copenhagen 8: Alaska of tsunami, Colom 9: Cignity.
Several locally waters" -- war to the naturalist -- mass destruction.
Receptor. Bank. Financial Juday. Europe.
Crisis. Dead. disasters.
Oh, my God."
Peter Diagans, these are just some of the clips I got in the last six months, and they could barely be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press means prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters for us to survive, the first standing of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called an administration.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger.
I ordered and record all the information looking for something in the environment that I could do harm.
So that's why we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old one would reflect from the press, "If there's blood, sell -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pestimentarily.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be bad at worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what really happens is we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction -- the shortage of water and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings are very good at absorbing problems, and in the long way, we ended up with them.
We looked at the last century in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled -- per per capita income per capita adjusted by inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has dropped 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, much of the people who live under the poverty have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators -- television, mobile, conditioning air and cars.
The magnetic magnets of the past century, the experiments of the planet, would never have dreamed of such lunches.
Supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into the information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession in depression and against against.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And even though it's plotted in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law shoes, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Australia call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the nanomorities and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" of Watson from IBM?
It was path.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opposite."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
I play with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Silicon University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to fill a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that they've already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce, and it's going to get it back.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National 3D middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sym.
The Napeas troops eat with silver covers, and the same National, with gold.
But the king of Sym, ate with aluminum covered covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it is more than gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum to the Montana.
You see, although the aluminum is 83 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come like pure metal.
He's bound by oxygen and synapses.
But then the electricity came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as it was descendable.
Let's project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that is a 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 territories of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scanner, but of accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the dollar of document: 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan opened the Voyager Space spacecraft, to the Earth, in 1990, later that Saturnidi country?
I took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent by water.
Yes, 9/11 is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for the one percent of the water on the planet, but here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology, the nanometers.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Silicon -- maybe you know it. It's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any water source, contaminated water, a latrine.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communication in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of counting with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could have ever predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- PC video, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they decline and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications come out.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Guando Foundation, something called the X Golfit Prize Prize, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can take, you can get blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- call the health and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance in a world.
I call it the one billion in progress.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they add to the global conversation.
What are these people?
What would you do? What wish will you do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get more health because of the Tribal, from a better education with Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can three billion more members of humanity, educated healthy and productive healthy.
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give them the operatings, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion will do?
And if they're contributions that we can't predict in?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize, is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that only could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foundation.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how the protein will be played.
The plates determine structure and functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductor problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were immersed and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the human pattern recognition is better by putting proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the blood innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The driver of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might believe that I would chase pages, but it wasn't like that.
I actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as a common one.
It was the low.
I lost it a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red list of the UN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prosthere.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shifting of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by pales, and, as you can see, from a few grandmothers.
There was about 20 inches -- the black bar till.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it got more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They made the five inches.
They experienced genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the floor fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, a lot of ugly, was called the Mutur four.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China in the South China and especially in the Japan.
What we captured was something inequality.
We captured now, I know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on a few remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was thrown up.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is going to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a leader.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They downloaded them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen pick up every time you go to an area where they have never seafood.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of participation, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, amounts of occasion, the brain search, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that you get to the beginning of their life conscious as normal and extracted it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the taste of change.
And at the end of keeping a few remains in the end.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very plentiful before you get extinct -- is very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of an amount of animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit successful because we fishing them.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of view.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people are, as they captain about such and so many fish in this area cannot be used or usually not using the scientists of fish, because it's not scientist.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in industrialized societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
And so the enormous paper that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really got back the past.
We collected the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been running and so forth.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their point of view.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the people in the Midwest, for example?
I think there is the arts and the movie maybe can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Charles Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Ball of Chechanistic 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematicians and the tons are like "Abundance."
And if you think about "Apatholic: if you think about why people get together with the film, without talking about the story of Postuabilities -- why do you get to the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
That's why my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cameron, make "Amazon II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alaska, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos are being made and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers -- when I was younger -- that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or of our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a sensor.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only one small percentage is made viral -- it gets a vision of vision and a cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: Trends of trends, communities of participation and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bear Valley," oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, wow, woman.
KA: Last year, Beverly Vegal published this film outside his house in the Standard National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction.
Bell doesn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double bow.
That's what you do if you're called Titus Mountain Bear.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this tongue that would fit the video to the popular.
The treatment creators like Jimmy Kim present us new and interesting things and spread it to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you've got to start the Friday,   Everybody wants to get the end of a week, the weekend.   Friday, Friday, starting the Friday,  KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Red Black "You "The "You're "The "You've "You "The "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your "Your YouTube, in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Oh, "a double "Right," this video seemed to have arisen from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask the other peaces, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday part?
Well, I took it Tomorrow, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from mysterious Science Team, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends took a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 parades of "Children on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the international entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon of the police or doing something new with that.
"Man Cartee" is a repetitive animation with a proper music.
So that's it.
This year saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a version of three hours that you've seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There was remotely.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it was interested.
All of a sudden, it was a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Rais" or "defect Red Catheteck?"
What guided could I have written that would contemplate this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protects against the bullets to cyclists in New York, I admit that I don't interest too much.
Casey Synag: I was beaten by not circular by the bank, but often there are obstacles that prevent you circular directly by the bank.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Synag made five million people saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bear Vascal: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The treatment creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, where we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of the population.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bina, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little dream of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being broken.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it while the communist comes into Santa, facing the fact that their life had totally been in valley.
The words, for so much time friends, now they got it.
It was refuged in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that be in the wild, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply us, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they were going to be significantly disappointed to the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a market built and two small girls.
For her, life had gone into a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was amazing for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old that defies the fiction, a boat went down to the distributed sea of fishing battery.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the paradises, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a freezes with poison.
If you were carefully, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the propose diving in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate paradises that came several times, but they were angry with the valley of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't go for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we decided in Melanish.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations by giving a new life to a new life.
We set up in Foster, a classroom of class that population is comprised of immigrants as well.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I found, in Foster, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the French English fragments were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were stimulated, and it established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, wouldn't matter what you should be taken, which was often new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toxins, because it had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful songs on the empty eyes and some graffiti graphics, and they're going home."
So what?
Something in me was stretched.
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying, "I'm going to hide them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was excited every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be an essential and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who were not able to do the transition and angry, and infectious, and brought kids caught between two worlds.
They looked like substances and pathologies.
And they created centers.
He lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, it was involved with what I was sleeping from myself.
In the other, I was surrounded in price lives, tragic little bit of violence -- drug abuse and insulation.
But many received aid over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was picked up my young Australian young man.
And I was taken from a piece of puzzle to another, but his edges didn't fit up.
So I read, I read Foster ancestors, it was now so read, refugee and social activists, invited to speak on sites that had never heard name, and in houses whose existence had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols to me.
I didn't know how to use covered.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the Russians and the comfort of life in an icy suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years ago, telling about the day of each one and burning asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when she got up to the boat.
No "No had been an option.
"I'm saying, "And you're not what you're not."
So I talked about youth discovery and education and destroying the marginalized and the destroyside ones.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was talking about it.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living at the edge of the possible.
And although I finished my lecture, I realized I couldn't stay in a game race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new scene in the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that I'm grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily be able to take the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world disappears, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed to be allowed to be all the time.
There was an energy there, an implicit optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a little group of people for whom the slogan can't do it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a dime for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until well in the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some bright ones, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved out, and the adventure continued.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Conference was the social norm and the local Mandall was the person that matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At 17 it became a conclusion of a Mandela whose mother was hitting it.
No support of his husband, he caused a reform to demand and take the cause herself and much more back when I won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melani.
I looked through the shame of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to lose.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Foster and sat around her attack.
We told them stories, and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked her to say, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so free?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"Not solved."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we now can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily connected.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, surviving brave in every wave, the monitoring ratio of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to me and look at it, I would do it.
Travel Nelson and also the mother of so is so far here in the fourth or a fifth row.
My story starts in Rouge about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Alaska.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian epilepsy, "The Madaga.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a cart and we run the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Strange, the great Indian war prince was started, he was wearing a bow and a knife on the ground, he got water.
We now do the same with the tablets and machines.
The conclusion we did was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an addition if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his ball of pocket clock.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, and paradises and nations in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, and the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent we summer.
They free our inspiration.
So I was linked to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
I'll put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly multicultural again.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light.
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several times I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live with GPS -- that comes led to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open up with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, they light your way into what it remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy is on a book.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a block that I dragged into this magic device within the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps but they've been static maps.
This is a map growing and full and water in the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another kind of important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary time.
These are the adaptations here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the nine negatives, but how many people outside India know their Indian contrast, would you adapt them?
These poor advertisements have been trapped in the Cambridge cameras for millennia, in an old and shame book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked in, taped to their PC haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of sticks, stones, stones, college and contractors.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood you have to go out and in a chapter taking a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
This is a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a shoe and says, "Oh, I saw a short."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking.
Within the variables of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video turned on, and then you can see a group of cartoons.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology come to each other.
We took the energy from the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my school Wikipedia. It's a very simple thing.
It has a little bit of string and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of getting to 95 Kilo.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hell.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when I need cardiac assistance.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my school Wi-Fi and before I get up to my car, people start talking to me, Lucy, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I will be available.
This little decline connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be captains of their own boat, but it also can help us care of health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the cost of health care and demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by craft.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video.
We all have computer navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM ATM is.
And also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but nobody else.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we did crushed in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to look at the audience -- you see a DNA, please send it where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lako, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Mathian and somebody called a collapse, they can use your iPhone, and the next weeks you use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DECDA 35, which is the name of the product, but also as DNA.
And we wish to start at the world level.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the DNA crushed around the world.
Every time you're in vacation and somebody came up, it can be a piece or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value this DNA.
They could be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in its place.
Please help you in this and not just improve the health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take your cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
It was mixed with my previous passion by the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press your pile.
For me, photography had more to do with being at the right place, at the point of time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pilot.
So pictures like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality, I say photography.
Because, of course, it's not something that can be captured but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Suppose that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?"
Are the details or the colors?
Is the light interviewer?"
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we enter the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're those in which we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But when you combine pictures it's very important to consider it, because something else is going to look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come together with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
And I think it's a little bit easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The subtle part was captured in a stone poet.
And yes, I even did red the house at the top of the island so it would look more sundible.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful, and at the very real time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please do it.
It's a diagram anybody who took out of a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RSA microbes versus the power of local area.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about secret curves is a novel thing.
Here's something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we create technological curves on logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart -- the diagram would look a ridiculous thing.
It would be something like that.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a satellite curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would advance as fast as the microscopes, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a growing growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't go forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different or maybe does something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
And so we would be in the middle of a transition now.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is that new way that does the world?
How new is the world there?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember that the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been come together, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
So we can feel it.
And we know it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, you will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that would float around them.
If you look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, there had been floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to split.
In some sense, those were the most primitive cell shapes, those oil droplet forms.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they get divided into the decentralized distribution of the chemicals that they continue.
So every single record was a little different.
In fact, the guards that somehow differ to be better at setting up the chemical chemicals, growing more chemicals and they were getting more chemical and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we didn't understand very well these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to run information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this sense of evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, are exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide people from airport security.
But it contains -- I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this snippet of DNA, and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a skeleton that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, a billion years ago.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant resistance because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave the place that they would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were replacing more, and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close that they were in fact, they got together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell cells built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave you an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary period of time.
So an organism could, for example, learning not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information structures that have been built by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
That's why the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures in the way that the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here emitting a few degrees, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that make some analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we turned it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started to do abstract.
Now we go through similar periods to multicellular organisms, abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computing -- the video tape, the CRISPR, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us in something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of the one in which it produced some evolution with the conversation conversation, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story I told you took a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took about hundreds of millions of years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like the electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I guess the right word is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process removes.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions of billion.
Instead, with the designers of Thomas Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it on the machine and the machine with that something that was previously not allowed to be much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it uses methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
So we say, "Please computer, can you run 100 million sequence sequences of standardized institutions?
Could you run these sequences of the random instructions, to run all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
So let's say I want to provide numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more likely to provide numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a few random secrets of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that made the task better?
Let's take those and we get rid of the rest.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we're going back to reproduce you with a process of analog reconfigure to sex.
We take two programs, which will be able to engineer children, who are exchanging substitutisms, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of producing programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
He California again.
I put some mutations into it.
And I try and go back and forth with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're programs much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they get the committee.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Martin Ministry and he takes a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of patients working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it feel crazy?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when you get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can execute these programs much more rapidly.
So it remains.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are committed.
We're striking.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular multiplicity.
We're the numbers and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of creating what it is to come from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before you get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent the time enough to allow me to focus part of my false president in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out "The Rules Repulo: I talk about the statistics and use it to form a big baseball team.
I'm focusing on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 from a battery that is batteries 300 percent.
That means that the biological batteries effectively three to 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attacked, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 battle in the Great Lincolns?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a 400 baseball battlefield.
By the way, that is somebody who is 10 strike, and it is about four.
Legal -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Chicago Micros License to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or less encouraging, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have answers and they're dedicated to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in additional.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place and a loved self has two observers that are open and their family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record in analogy is 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She's getting a little bit better.
And their actions have been 252.
This is not working.
But I will ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon of a heart surgeon, or a drug or a grandmother of a graduate obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the thing is that no one in the entire medicine knows the access of a good surgeon, a doctor or a domestic.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and I include the sense of being perfect.
That never, never, they make a mistake and you want to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I opened up when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in the high school said that Brian Gold studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little desert, in the nurses of the General hospital nurses -- not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the top, the digital digital diagnosis and the usual distribution.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney tragedy acids.
And while so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get from the medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then you would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because so I was going to get involved in mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady Drug to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiovascular service.
And when emergency used to put a cardiologist to a cardiologist I got to attend that patient.
It will inform the chief of residents and information.
When I saw Mrs. Drug was happening.
I heard a restaurant sound.
And when I took it, I heard a national sound on both sides, which was made up of a constraint heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, the blood goes to the lungs, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I got to work in the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him apparent and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave him a double, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid light.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I took the first mistake, I sent it to her home.
Actually, I made two more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and get it with him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to bring complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I may not want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even going to contact my boss.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inner who said, "Global, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so sure that I asked the nurse that he said to the lady of the lady Dr. "Drug "Did you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if I was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad press in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I painted to leave the hospital and walked into the parking where my car was to go home. At that point I did something I don't normally do.
It happened by the emergency emergency service home.
And there another nurse, not that I care about Mr. Drug before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency emergency doctors.
Other specialists fear them, but there is a particular in emergency, and we see patients functioning forced.
The three words are agreement?
"Do you remember the patient that I sent his home?
I asked the other nurse with total natural.
"Well, she goes, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
On the day of an hour of having come to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the domestics brought it to emergency with a particular pressure of 50 miles from Hey, which means a severe shock.
I barely respected and was blue.
The emergency staff came up with all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the art pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was comfortable and heard to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then they would stabilize it in intensive therapy and waited against all hope that he would recover it.
And in the two or three days next to me that I would never wake up.
He had an impressive brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they went back to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Drug and grandmother, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was stuck by it and experienced for the first time the malarial shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I smooth things and I was sure they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss to my boss, why did I send her to his home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a short mistake so still?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was discussing it.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, I opened the sky and finally came out the sun. And I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I brought the efforts to be perfect for not to make more errors, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But he came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and appropriately.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, was a little color.
I emailed him penicillin and sent it to her home.
But as he turned to the door, he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me traditionally in his office.
And I tried the three words, "You know?
Remember the patient he saw by a pain in the garage?
And he came back and didn't have a strange stranger.
He had a potentially deadly approach called the epicers.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, he didn't fail.
You get antibiotics on it and get recovered at a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and reports, then I got rid of it, and I went back to work, until again and again and again and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, I didn't have any disabilities.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation of it.
They ordered a rice X-ray but it turned normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived in the lower right quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to retire and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it up and looking at a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
Both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was attacked by each case, I was shocked.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bear.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only -- embarrassed and supportive.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes.
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a crew in my hospital I had the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions: those who make mistakes and those who don't can sleep and those who are -- those who have a lot of problems and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distribution and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical primes and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program, "White Cape, Black Brazilian white, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unpredictable.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of every 10 drugs written in the hospital are wrong, or discipline is not right -- in a system where intelligence infections are increasingly more and more, and more numerous causes and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 channels for evidence that are avoided.
The US Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about raw substitutisms, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get stuck.
The privacy of the dream invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest. It comes crazy with crying eyes, and with analog to alcohol and suddenly my story is affected.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't do their symptoms always the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not to stay anybody.
And what does people don't want to talk about their most seriously serious?
In my program, white "Bangalore, it's already a custom saying, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell everybody, from the doctors to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake: blah blah blah blah blah blah -- what are your mistakes" -- and it will run the microphone to them.
And their students were going to stop, they go back, they would go down the head and they would come up and they start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reductioning medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction physician is human, you know the human, they accept it, and it doesn't get rid of their mistakes, but it forces to learn about what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a love and a support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they commit errors every once in time.
My name is Brian Gold.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I strive to learn something that can convey to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to pick a middle American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not long ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that were represented by these executives and time they used to make related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they take 113 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of mentions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of the time of an hour.
How does it qualify the way that those decisions make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems that we have today, choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a palm.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of options of choice?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I found this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
His name was Drilling.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and wine, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water, and this was when we were taking water from the faucet, the water of the faucet, as well.
I love to go to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never bought nothing?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in a sealed box that came out of military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did it work well this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed out to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment.
hall.
They had 350 different classes.
We installed a position to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what are people willing to stop testing the middle?
More people stopped when there was 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a sea tax.
Here's the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy seminates.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought seminate.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six, than if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it probably it probably gets us -- at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice of options affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gurus Hurole, Emily Karchan and Web Jane, where we looked at the savings of savings for about a million Americans -- in between about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds that are available on salary savings plans for retirement.
And we discovered that there was really a correlation there.
We had 650 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds, there were less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- we see that on the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you like.
And on the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were headed to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as it was more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they make the decision, which is even when it goes against the interest.
They are more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfaction, even though it's obviously getting better.
So the main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of May, mustard and rape and seminate, but we are not able to make the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exhibit display.
Today I want to introduce you to four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one, Coral.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which is more.
People always bother when I say, "Lady."
They worry about losing space in the angle.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you will get rid of weird redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales -- it will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shrines to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Golden Cathete eliminated the products for cats that are sold, they increased the uses in 87 -- for two causes, higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket today, on average, offering 45,000 products.
On a Wal-Mart store are offered about 100,000 products.
But the largest line in the world today is Allen and offering only 140 products -- a kind of law tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to make the choices better is David Landerskin plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically introduced to a life fund.
Those of you really want to pick up, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices."
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, they can't do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vaccines with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a couple of seconds to read it, and then I want you to take a applause.
(Guy players." Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I really got to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can step up and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of choices -- which is Congress.
So that people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences should be really feeling very vivid in a very vivid way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when use debit cards or credit cards, than when it uses effective drawing?
Because it doesn't look real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shoothur Benjamin and Alexander Prince, about personal NGO people who worked at NGO, these people were in a meeting in which they were being addressed to a 40-percent plan.
In that meeting, that we used exactly as it was used -- we did a little addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff who would think of positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mine there was an increase in the adaptations of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Claria.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Wright supermarkets, along the edge of the north, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 666.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to difference.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called Jack and the other, "Six?"
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is Jack, they give a palm.
Well, there are some players.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland. But you know something?
This classic scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something to whom they choose not to be defined.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
You know, who are they informing?
My fourth category: I will talk about complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows them to be a complete person.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
Colors, foreign color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box box, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How much involved you are.
If you look at the bottom of the background in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed -- or is, we're losing them.
We found that those who are going from many choices to a few options -- they operate the button for affection again and again, and more.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with easy, you learn how to choose it.
Although the choice box is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more hidden with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of choice: Coral, eliminate strange alternatives -- concentrating, make it real. Clarity, we can handle more categories with less options -- to make the complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help drive the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful at school.
And the more careful we are in our best choices will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write it to the government.
I had to register a piece of text writing with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, so much that it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on each page that follow a pattern that makes them their own printer and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of fun for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the world online, we can grab the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the cyberspaces.
Like Mr. Diamond Goldo from King City, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyber cycles to earn a lot of money, lots of numbers.
There are really many cases of money online, multi-the-art, who won money with their attacks.
This is Village Task, from Tasm, Stanford.
This is Alfred Gandhi.
This is Stephen Water.
This is British Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tartage Alpha etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortune online, but they do it for illegal means through banks to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States -- two months ago, confused the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Jane, and this story was 14, millions of dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane gets stream. You know his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is victims of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, motivate the opinion, motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have figured out in the last 12 months to occupy a destroyed role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks," the criminals that do for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Dick.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Dick is a conflict of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
It would declare the last fall, because of a satellite.
They surrounded the security of the site and they lost a cybercriminal.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives -- I asked one of the leaders if they were able to lead people to the death of the attack to Dick.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Dicking is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do you serve the certainty for?
Well, you need if you have a website with tapes, in the service serious services, services like Ghana.
Except you can intercept a foreign certified authority.
And that you have to get up with peaceful certified.
And in the case of Dicklet happening exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters take the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this folder.
And within that hardware there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
So Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, he found the Strip Tributan, a transistor used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
You get the Internet connection to the Internet.
You will use even tools like the Strievenstry Trian to infect our computer with a transistor to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's at stake.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're going to resist today, it's forever.
Are we going to focus on any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the South, which means that wild animals like the celebrates migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead in the morning, and we found it so bad because it was the only storm we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to passed them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
They dying are warriors that protect our community and the cattle, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
One child in my community, from the six to nine years old, is responsible for the winning of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that this didn't really serve, because I even helped lions to see the seat of far.
I didn't get me. He continued.
A second idea was to use a spreadsheet.
I was trying to get the lions to believe that they were close to the season.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spreadsheets, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the seat with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I started everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery substitutes electricity to the little indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes the lights down.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights flash and get the lions to think that I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
And I put it off. You can see the background, these are the light lights.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hostility, legal, and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brown International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funds and connect.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the slums of the savanna paralyzing the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that I would someday be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come up with the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
It's old -- what in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working in other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric close. CA: An electric nearby?
RS: I know you already invented the electric close, but I want to do mine.
CA: So now you try it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I got a staircase --  CA: On the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that two, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Institute, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden, all of my life.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are received together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we are prepared to die."
I was very stuck.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete my memory.
A life without life was dead on the street, holding a nearby child in his arms looking at the face of her mother without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
An enormous famine.
In the end, over a million Americans died during famine and only few survived eating spread, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent to the energy cut, all of my around was completely to dark at night except by sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Murday River, which serves from the boundary between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I come out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives to live with distant relatives to live in China.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a North Refuggeen.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also dangerous, because the Chinese refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replicated to a horrible fate of back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North Koreans, so they tested my skills in the Chinese language and asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not North."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China are looking for foreign embarrassments.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and destroyed North Korea, where they are tortured or locked or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Americans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can fit in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk by going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To sit in South Korea it was a much greater challenge than I was hoping for.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South South.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we have come to be very different because of 60 years of division in it.
Even you have an identity crisis.
Am I a surface or a Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country I could call with pride me.
Although I adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received a called alternative.
The authorities in North Korea were interested in some money that sent my family, and as a punishment as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a low location on the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and started me towards the border with North Korea.
Since my family could not speak Chinese, I had to run them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then across the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I literally stood up and told him that they were searching people who were parking.
He looked at me suspended but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the Lab border.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border illegally in the border.
After paying multiple and ordinary, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the capital of Las.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison at short distance from the South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or bullets.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man wondering, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and without doubt the man was the automatic ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other North Koreans, and taking them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The fan unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the stranger and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that North American needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, work practice and more.
We can also act as bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help to give North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans by suggesting around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Secret Center, lights of lights, fast food, laptop land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something more, so they changed it to Los Angeles South Angeles, as if this fixing what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South --  of lights, fast food, laptop land.
Like 265 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people than the food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center South Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of home you see the damaging effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as cars.
I see centers of dialogues as Strandstars.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also have to get 45 minutes away and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have perspectives.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a farm of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet away.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grovenians, we put together and start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group by advanced computers of all the process, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about it.
The city came to me and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the city became a computer order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, I get it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lose, and I talked to the concept and one of the members of Green Grovenians, who put a petition in Channel, with 900 signatures, were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept even called to say that they went back and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more land lands.
It has 68 miles away from ball terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's space enough to plant 25 million tomato plants.
Why do you not look good at this?
Growing up a plant will give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of tables will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my human, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I'm going to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is closed by walls, I clean soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embarrassment of that self.
You would be surprised to see what land can do if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
Farmer is the most therapeutic and prostitute act that you can do, especially in a city.
They also get fragments.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like 75,000 at night and were in my garden, and he went out and looked very started.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh no, I don't fear you're going to rob it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health.
There was another thing that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grovenian has come to plant maybe 20 gardens ...
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of them in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomato tasks.  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind people in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in, I see kids of color that are in this path designed for them, which doesn't carry them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are taking care of their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You may be producing the next George Washington Car.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same box.
I want to take contrast and convert them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because the free thing is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is you have to fix it.
What I'm talking about is to put people on the street, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become reversal reverses, gardens, gray bars.
We have to change the script of what a reserve is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gun.
That the guards take their sand right?
That is your choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some limit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with his wing so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of astronomer, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it comes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that saved.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars pass out, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make perfect astronomers running.
The porous shake, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has ports and water can go through it, so the whole water of rain will flow into the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't be saving water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very helicopter, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has depressions, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can draw.
What is there? You see that in this road the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then a number of more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can damage your paradox, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create arguments with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Battles, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how damage comes out in this material.
It's a porous, beautiful astronomy, as I said, so it only has a little bit of adorable between the stones.
Because of the interest, the sunlight to the original, the oxygen, this bank, the glue between the rides, it will be beaten, and if you get into it, you will do microbes and you will separate from the adults.
So if you drive around the road, you will get the additional addicts, as we saw here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about training materials.
If we can make this material address, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean standards, and we can cut the steel wool in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a little bit of adapt with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook a computer machine.
The infection can heat up, especially steel, is very good at it.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the automobile 25,000 feet in which we had to do an essay lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we repeated them with our inflation machine and repair them, and we would prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of infection, actually increase the life of the road surface -- they can even double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity from if this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to figure out first before you can show you how repair works.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the grass in my house.
My father was listening to BBC, News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because news generally depressed it.
The Taliban were laughing my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the Taliban would be made from Afghanistan and did illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister -- that I could no longer be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could actually educate us.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market so it would seem to be shopping.
The school was in one house, over 100 of us left in a little room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the when, the school was slowly closed for a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attacked, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan. insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was represented.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Me daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money, you can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there is one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age of my age have more than the rating, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud of graduating in Milogment College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, that was extracted from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate me.
He wasn't only carrying out of my university degree, but as well as I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who I carry it on the streets of Kabby.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1998, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SLS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like me, advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of an unexpected opposition.
It's not his real name, and I can't show you your face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went out from SARS to her village, and literally they were shown to be killed by a bomb on the road for minutes.
When you get home, they're the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
"Tell me now, if you like, I said, "But not harm the future of my daughter for his old and recorded ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people who are translated, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. girls who went to school are counting in hundreds, remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the US troops of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they encourage them, I see a privacy future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hopeful hope and possibilities, and every day the ALS girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Hey, resistant to Gabby. fight it.
But you never get a state revolutionary revolution."
They've spent almost two years since there was the living revolution inspired by mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other free citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of function and start a revolution against Gabby the German regime.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men who were young books were in the gang, demanding the fall of the regime, by putting freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of an example by facing the brutal dictator of Gabby.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the snake.
However, Gaddin left a character laser, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Chinese regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
Conscious from devastation and challenges, I've loved a lot of other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were set up about 200 organizations in Benjamin during in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Gabby. About 300 in Tribal.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm I started to organize workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the platform of Women Library by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women, and for our right participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the plant period, an environment that was increasingly policed, which is moved from the selfish and exclusion of the exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, soon to little, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the profit of old mosques and Sufi tomato.
Another day I started with the news of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of the military office.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continual relationships of human rights of prisoners and their lack of law respect.
Our society is formed by a revolutionary mindset, and it becomes more politically, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusive and the revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the success of the critical list and the election.
So I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya,
The collapse list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recover?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society remained politically and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Perhaps what missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusive values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election of choice, which just reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like analogy agents and calling the anger days.
We need to start acting like agents of compassion and mission.
We need to develop a female speech, not only honor but also put the mercy instead of revenge. The collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, disappeared by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that deals with the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real collaborator.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it social.
According to the Cord "The World "The word "The word of the Mirrow God, I would go, "I compare."
At the same time, the word "Rad: it has the same root in Arabic. It's the same root in Arabic that the word "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the entire compassion of the whole existence.
This is how you tell us, "My mission runs all the things."
This is how you say, "My mission is preventing my anger.
That all of them were told by the microbe of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a unique question, which has an equally unexpected answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is always doing -- why do she stay out?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who pays you?"
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just got up at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Senator magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first American Greenland Adam, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man -- that I created my soul, I was sitting on the head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened with me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Lockett love: a psychological trap -- designer of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing from the Whole Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the Fortune 500 list, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bruno and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post,
I take almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and driving an honest Honey Orchestra.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions, all the levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly that.
More than 85 percent of the marketing are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interstation and long duration or said in another way, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so determined.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who paid him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States the women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and non-consumers in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Colony in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in the subway of New York and started flowing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just getting rid of a college of the Vivian Vietnam and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it looked like a field of the field.
I had a few big mountains like apples and a rubber hair, and it looked so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all the beginning putting on a pen.
We started coming out and loved all of me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who was passionate to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Concentrate believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner -- so I accepted I left my work and Colony and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a local love: that I was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the violence threat to see how she works.
And here is where those players come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where it was supposed to be so safe to buy three players.
One was in the car.
Another man under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those petals because of the trauma that lived of small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those players actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was the seven o'clock in the morning, and I still had the chamber.
Five days later, when the 10 drivers of my neck had disappeared. I put my mother's wedding suit, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very right.
He just had been very excited about the wedding and for the fact that we form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach, and I lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, was accumulated by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo kept chasing one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only in this situation.
One of three American women is violence of domestic violence or at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I leave me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply attacked man, and it was the only person in the world that I could help Congo face his devils to face.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get right?
Why did I not go? I could have gone at any time.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a marine.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of astronomers in domestic violence are happening after the victim has put end to the relationship, after it showed up, because then the adult already has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent attack, even after the adult has gone back to married you, financial resources, and manipulation of the family health system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend no superpower time with the man who played their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it's simply not going?
I was able to go, because of a last piece of paper that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone I told everyone to the world, to police, my neighbor, my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereo the victims like speed headlines, self-destructive women, damaged women.
The question, "Why does it go?
Some people is a way to say, "The guilt is your for standing: as if victims are going to be able to get in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Lockett love: I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also screen, who learned an unshakeable lesson of what happened to them and who were reporting their lives and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry a tender and loving man and we have those three children.
I have that black laboratory and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to have never have before, it's a little bit like a card passenger pointing into my head of somebody who says I want.
At this point, they are just thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating, or "Hi, what dumb it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are some people who are listening to me right now, who are being abused or who were in small or who are absorptions themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my mad particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the malaria to the light talking about it with their children, their jobs of work, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full flight.
They recognize the early signs of violence to connect consciously to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe sale.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful vessels that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I'm called Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen that way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clock shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to think about it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I left, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything while I get your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
And I was totally uncomfortable. And the photographer told me to push the back and take the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except for surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for the work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, even though superficial and immune, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but it's simply.
The first question is, how does it be modeled?
And I always say, a high-tech discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated it to a high and sheet figure, and the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to take money to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown screen, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say -- hopefully there are Namibia, Torstra, Joan Samuses, Lou Window.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every model in the past, and from the 670 transformative models, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what really would tell each of these girls is: why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a childhood and poet, which would be amazing, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron -- I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the refrigeration chief of the American magazine or the HIV executive director or the next Steven Message.
To say that most you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum. And you have a curve and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that is, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curve said, "look in the underwear for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos are reconciled.
And yes, they pretty much gather all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
And so I light next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a parachute party a few days before the photos for French Vietnam.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, philosophers, males, photographers and styles and all of their help and people of pressure and publishing, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many steps of 20 inches and I never use, except the couple before, but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me my dress free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a conductive principle, came up with a red sector, and of course, they stopped us, and I got a sense of it, agents to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privileges for me, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were left and record, 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
But how many times will I stop me? And what?
When I was researching for this talk, I found that at 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and exciting.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like that.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible can work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the most brilliant hair and clothes more than fashion -- but probably the women physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to go back from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished pictures -- and I wasn't the person who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no stickins, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took them tourists.
My story starts when I found myself in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday -- that's the six and the five.
He gave the ability that we went back to New York right now, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When you approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you get to know New York in a paralyzed journey and you continue the ritual?
So here is when we started to ask the tourists to pass out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has fled with the camera.
By then, we were not aware of how much life is going to change this journey.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we will be able to think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking on, when suddenly it stopped on dry and pointed out a red ball of the wrist store that would take small visits in previous visit.
And I was describing what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart passing with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos -- I don't go in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and they don't doubt to go to somebody and ask them, "Did you take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Burdens are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, approaches and allegies are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean --  Parks don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly monkey.   You're far away from getting extinct.  And my favorite, the bureaus has better presence.   There are two kinds of business on this planet.
There are the business of the New World who are mostly found in the Americas, like the cancer and the cards and the Old World officials, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 are facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the business important? First of all, provide vital ecological services Limb.
It's our natural garbage records.
They clean the dead to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria -- help absorb the anthrax that not being would be extended and caused large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bureaucrats, the carcasses take three to four times more time to discover, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Burdens also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Net was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cover, they were syndromed the unit between the Alaska and the Elephant Ebola.
In Indian mythology, Jacque was the bubble god, and he risked his life to save the dog Six heads of Randone head.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a very important amount of income in open sky -- in places like Tibet. There is no place to bury dead or wood to make them, so these divers provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the business?
We have eight species of business in Kenya, which six are in the end of extinction.
The reason is that they're being are revealed, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and the family, the passive communities use this venom against predators and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of business are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the cattle consumption that has been treated with an analogy drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a post.
Because there are no business, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in carbon spills, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for anger, and the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa, 350 advertisements are going to be above the Turkish lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them up for half.
They're bird trailers.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of death business to serve the hardware and the fascination market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting them transformations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation of business, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active -- to make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them, we have to focus on these very exciting creatures.
When you go out of this room, you will report on the bureaucrats, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bureaucrats.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed of opinion because he saw them flying without any effort, without spending of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do probably and everything I do, my life -- has been beaten for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
And since 1975 to 1977. I was young, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, East Coast, Argube and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project we set up in Africa failure.
And I was deeper.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we did is we fit it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "We would an eye of the Zambia, was a project where an Italian decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zomic River, and we teach local to grow Italian tomatoes and called and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get there.  We were astonished that local valleys, in so fragile valley, they didn't have agriculture.
But instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we simply said, "Thank God we're here."  Just time to save the people in the bumblebee of the human human."
And of course, everything in Africa was beautiful.
We got these magnificent tasks. In Italy, a tomato would grow up this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the sands, "Look what easy is agriculture."
When tomatoes were beautiful, markets and red, at night at night, about 200 horses appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the sandwiches, "Oh my God, we hurt them."
And the landscapes said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked.
I thought that just us the Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans do, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste we put to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Help Dead Dead Dead Democratic Economist economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has changed.
Just read your book.
Take it from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improbable, colonies are colonial, and we treat people only in two ways or paletters, or we are paletter.
The two words come from the Latin rate rate, which means "Pari."
However, they mean two different things.
Patricipation, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my kids. I want a lot."
Patriot, I treat all of the one in a different culture as if you were my services.
So the white white in Africa are called "Bangladesh," boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful: written by Scottish, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, let people alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that's not nature?
I decided at 27 years to only respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Format where you never start anything, but it becomes a series of local passion, the series of local people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It gets off.
You never get to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We got together in a coffee coffee. We got into a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody one idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity you've identified with.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family family of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living.
I started this as a test in Special, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this conference that we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can I do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I walked out and I listened."  So the government says, "Give it new --  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business astronomers in history, passed at the 96 years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before he got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
Planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most high people in Chris want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to be able to talk to you.
You have to offer you confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help you, and then they will happen, they will come up.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion -- the passion and the passion and the passion?
What have you been able to push out of this morning.
It's what you have applaud for.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution Foundation, not renewable fossil Foundation, manufacturing and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, we cure, we educate it, we transform it to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities forget."
Government? Forget it.
They're going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people gathered this group of people, and they supported what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was an uniquely, New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up at this rate, to translate to the population of New York to them, would require six million horses. And the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting into stable.  So in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would be observed by New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in 1900, in the United States there were 1,600 auto manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scars, escalitators, factories in application places.
Department, Michigan, Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then you have to give you an absolute thing, dedicated to an entire service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a fantastic financial administration.
Do you know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
No exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 iconic companies in the world, Westerners, Edison, Edison, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None of it was started by one person.
Never the word "me," but the word "we" -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have facilitators -- who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffees, in bars along to their drivers who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epplus, somebody who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look at it?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors, so we don't really exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their applications?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hope to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant revolutions that give shame to lovers and slums and sunshots from centuries and trust in a city.
There is a depression in the music.  There's a report in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of American properties.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was suddenly and unexpected to death.
I thought a lot about death.
And it produced me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I managed to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave a day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, I transformed the wall of this house left on a giant bar and painted on her phrases to complete -- before I die.
So, transportations could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was replicated and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die, I want to be piece of piece of pair."  Before I die, I want to sit in the line of date change."
"Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
"Before I die, I want to embrace it once again."
"Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cards, they challenged me, and they gave me comfort at hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slavery ways -- it's about giving the reflection and the pollution, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit, and now they have been made in countries around the world, like Kazzabarra, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution distributions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remembering that life is short and delicate.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remember 22 years old, it's high and very grand.
It doesn't talk about, but they transmit better than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love is.
It shares it incredibly is what happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing our childhood songs, trying to test words that I couldn't even get married, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very nice.
It has the most powerful memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but remember the year I came out of one of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was going to get my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescone and the Lady Gage birthday.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of society, they're often ignored and investigated.
But what drives my heart and strengthened my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them in the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: an extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary thing.
Now, for those least familiar with the American term -- it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, at learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual in each individual in the individual, it married a different way, from there that Rome is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that are increasing in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old, when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I grew up a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and he went into his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars on a row around the room, to look at the washing and eat anything that would have been in between.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond barriers, frustration and hypothetical hypertext, there was something really unique. A pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without preservations, a human being that had never lied in.
remarkable.
I can't deny there have been some hard moments in my family, moments where I would have thought that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize they're things that don't want to change by normal.
Normality goes down the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remo and Sam and you would be, they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift. Every one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been Alex in the World Country.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  And I was scared of a truth -- scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and their great words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the hole hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, they surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work isn't done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, humor signals.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to be answered, and then what?
Why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the translators, but they study the translators, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat open-sources.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
The slang is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature, but why not say space and time? Is that much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them stories.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- are ways of hiding and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the sands of ball."
You've wondered why they're called "balances:  What do the balanced do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it gets too supportive in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown example is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the translators is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower alone.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legislation, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that encourage our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some key things that can help us open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, for all media, bear with me.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Dictor English dictionary is "Cleveren."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Sun means "check political."
Even though there was a 19th century newspaper editor that defined it much better when he said, "A "Soullair is the one who looks for a public charge no matter about it, platform or beginning, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a resourced verbal monument."
I have no idea what religion means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until 1777, for example, 1777 that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the paraly camera.
And all of this was because of the brave of a guy with the name of Brad Cruck, who was faced with the Parliament part.
They got them on the London Tower and they took him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase -- "The Boyle Bridge -- "the metal like the metal."
Most of them think it's literal.
It's not. It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a replicated country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions they could have formed.
Some people wanted to call it "Child State Washington," and others, "The Alex George Washington," and other "Performer Western People in the U.S.
Not very strange.
Some just wanted to call it "Green."
They thought it was the quality of quality.
And not even with that were monitorings, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody fell in love with each other, because this debate is broken for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sensor, and I always wrote, still with this issue.
What caused the portrait and the fact was the House of Reporter was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to get power out.
They didn't want to call it King by whether he gave him to her own ideas.
So, they wanted to give you the most modest title and more insignificant and more really little than it came out.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there existed before, but it only meant somebody who prevents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "paid or "supermarket."
There were the evidence of small colonial tools and the fraction of government, but it was really an intensive title.
And that's why the Senate was operated.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign and meet with foreign digitals?
"And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as president of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't charge.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never fully reported the Prize title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary --  -- is possible that we are going to be waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and I want to leave you with this, is that the U.S. president of the U.S. doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads to device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of no trained aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have hit the title of great.
So it won the Senate in the end.
They got their respect of respect.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the signal appearance -- well, it was a uniqueness by the time.
But you know how many nations have you now presented?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate Singapore and the House of Reporter lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them they're the president of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality that is much more the words than these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet below land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that category of male tables and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap line of light attached to the head with this advertise and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that has hundreds of feet on the ground.
It broke my hand and suddenly I remember a minute that I met days before, which lost control and dropped influenzable feet in that post.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep end of that hole risk their lives without pay, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Country.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met a "December of "Free the Slaves: an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not at such a degree.
When we finished talking to me very badly. I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this care of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the "Shellened So Slow and offer my help.
And so I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these places.
Some of them, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty trains.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice in the number of Africans displaced throughout all about traditional slave slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 current today.
However, today you can enslave the entire families by generations by the dealers of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in the commercial: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are descended.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the horror horses.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dan Indian.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy dust of dust -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads until 18 at the time, and they take them from the armed furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Denisions from the mountain and the song work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat and drink, and the severe design made it pee very incredibly.
So perfect was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
He came back in the oven. I wanted to cry, but the alternative who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "List, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained that showing emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust the Slaves and work within the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
As to me, I wait to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles through mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them and children hold them up to their heads with career careers made of sticks and strings and hackers.
It's hard to present something so absolutely.
How can we influence something so instinct, but so unprecedented?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers they picked up their freedom, the slaves burn their home.
When you hear the word space, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was advised that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina I was taken women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by a couple of angry stairs that gave this dirty basement, of a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a board.
It was more a restaurant.
Republican, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms, where the shame slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- they're forced to train clients and encourage you to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single pole is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From foot in the book, I remember having felt an extra acute fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be to be trapped in that hell.
I just had a sale: the stairs where I came in.
There were no dirty doors.
There were no big windows as to transplant.
Those people don't have scale, and because we play a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants. In the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families specialized in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black theory are from the father, the blue and the red, from their children.
They mix titles in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the title is toxic.
My international told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volcontary, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed like a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Iraq. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trade families, disappeared and forced to work extra toilets in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was temperated, he was showing that his little canoe was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees of the trees in the lake are often attracted to networks and children and fathers and fear, they move into water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are dropped.
Since it remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
By fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, clearly treated the younger slaves under her command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were lifted up the last few networks, but they had been working from one another.
I was in the cold old night and ventilator.
And it fits that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're replicated from fish.
I want to introduce you to Kohon.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met him in a shelter in which "Deep the Slaves with the scale of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because of somebody decided to make a difference in their life?
By a road in Ghana with some spot in "Great State with "Free The Slaves: a collective partner with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and open our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, he pushed us out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed out this path barely visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way -- we go."
As we started to go down, we took the investors that blocking the path and after walking about an hour we found that the path was bound by the recent rainfall, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the next path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everybody was full of slide workers.
Many women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in the waters who were measured with memory.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a little bit of Ghana.
When they came out of the post they were packed in their own sun.
I remember looking at his naked eyes, irritated eyes, because many had been under the ground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people are carrying the stone heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where they will be transported to be able to extract the gold.
First sight, the site seems to be full of strong and powerful men, but if you look closer on the road, we see the other ones that we see to work on other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and memory investment in a few years.
This is Mary. When his father died, he took her to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Mary inherited the uncle of the uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said that I should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
In addition to that, hand has tuberculosis, and not enough to that, is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream to be released and educated with help of local activists like "Free The Slaves: and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
And I wanted you to know that we're going to give you the testimony of them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not residents. They're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, married, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force gets a fire and that the fire throws light on the slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make an app mathematician, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we're like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the heck we do.
So today I'm going to try and explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the value virtues and the click dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, which is gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Steven who, at his time, was a blood dancing virus.
Over the last few years, it has been done a lot in the treatment.
However, there are 3.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and themes, region and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective ways, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metric metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic -- what if patients could do the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
And so what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense, at least, we're all virtual like my friend Jon Steven.
This is a video of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when we speak. We can imagine as a vocal ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes -- the Forests, for example.
And as the ballet requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate it, and as the Parkinson's affects the extremists, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular shame of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice shame, weakness and region.
The speech becomes more quiet and assumed after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both not invasive in the voice.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise -- well, but also the examples based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are much minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it comes to mass scale.
These are some incredible goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine character.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could do low cost of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, failure chemicals at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomechanics of disease before it's too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Abuse and Patricipation, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one, with or without Parkinson's -- can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taken all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to get from these samples?
Max Lilite: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the conference factors for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MK: Much more than that.
Actually, my student, Thanastical student, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he's shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which has the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MK: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lincoln, public Machine.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic photographs in New York City.
We're plastic creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in the rooms without windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We make models, even more thin models, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volans, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Europe.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the precise of Islam about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of water recorded achieved over 24 feet tall and over three miles in Earth inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We took the charges of the channels and the salary.
We clean schools. We take the slime and leave the houses ready to be renewable and refugees.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, apple, rotten from local factory.
We were scared and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and limbs and cameras and cameras and Steel cards.
They all did the same thing.
It will pick them up and take them to different places from the people around the way to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
As they did the wave and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help at a village conversation.
He helped clean the communal toilets, the huge bands, giant big.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of evolution gets the photos.
So there they would take them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I took myself my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, some were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't help to think of as a retrofit how to fix that gas and repair that trait and know hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too supermassed, but where the water had decorated the face of the girl had to become a lot of precision and decline.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
With the step of the time, they got more photos, and they needed more records, so it came back into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Redwood, a neighboring village north of Yames.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to pick up their photos.
The time they were going to have to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the waste of the photos.
I could be able to make an hour. I could make a few weeks.
It could be involved in months.
This million people had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in water water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil -- all of it along with the step of time continued to destroy them, so cleaning it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless he was clean, dry and would have been picked up by his owner of it.
We were lucky with limitation by hand.
We have the guidance of a remarkable neighbors.
It's very easy to damage even more pathologists.
As Wikipedia, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in the photos.
He had begun to wipe them up, but he stopped when you realize that the damage even further.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in one photo and pick up the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures I shared some of his story with us.
A couple of colleagues of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble pretty far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the syndrome sounded out.
Her small kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took him a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave him his photographs her youngest son was 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could do to look, something that could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that sea day when everything in his life changed or destroyed it.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us in there Haiti hundreds of them helped us clean hand over 135,000 photographs the vast majority -- the great majority -- the great majority of their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families hundreds of totally restorative and recorded pictures.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the printed ink.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved it.
These are surveys of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would take to look for.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the returns.
Some of them connected them with something bigger to return something, using their talent to something that will not be thin skin models.
To end me to read this email -- I emailed him the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I got back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, made me around a baby, I moved around a baby, because a similar picture of my family family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born from our wall.
In the entire world, in every few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  applause.
Doctor Edend inspires us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I give you a new kind of photograph, the phone, a new technique so fast that you can create videos on slow camera of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rights, beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of cameras.
If I take a laser spot and you turn it up in a trillion seconds or be, in various females to create a package of a few millimeters wide.
And that package of photons -- that ball, traveling at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle, right?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this.   Remember that all of this is effectively happening in less than a nano-discretional is what happens to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Computer doesn't adjust this research.  There are a lot of things in this movie.  So you can take this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these forces.
Many of the photons finally come to the layer and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top of the bottle, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the thoughts are focused on.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet and we make it run the same distance and see it on a slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to sit at the movie to see that movie.
One day? A week? Actually, all a year.
It would be a very boring movie -- of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about trying to do with death nature?
You can see the waves that are going to be on the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like dragging a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a decline at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at one more time this tomato -- you'll realize that, as the light will get out of the tomato -- it's still bright. It's not obvious.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the broken light inside it and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this demonstration is in their mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture on a low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition -- so you just get some light.
So we sent that bullet down, millions of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very high synchronization, we took those data gigabytes and we trained them computer to create those dynamics that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the ranges?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Reduction, entering the room, a part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left is our demonstration.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and reduction light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, at slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our demonstration, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what a distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture of broken, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we bring them together and try to analyze the multiple books of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object, right?
Can we see it at 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going on on the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build expects of looking at the inside of the body by dragging objects, and the same for cardiovers.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about the feminist as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As Dock Edend, he himself a scientist, turned the science into art, an art of player photographs.
I realized that all of the data giants that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualizations, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is a funny thing here.
If you look at the waves under the layer, these are coming away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appear to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and you have individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, bring it to Solution and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a Chile and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back at that time, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people who are protecting that protect a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who from the present people have a mobile phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, raise them.
Get them up. An Android -- a Blackberry, wow, whatever."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how I changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in broken.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the UN Commission, I presented a direction.
Department of Detail Department.
This directive says that every European company company of the Internet all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who I mean.
Who sends a text to who I mean.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data return.
We want the self-assembly in the digital age, and we don't want the carriers and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Billion, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, De De Telescope, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asked to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah ball.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Doug Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the international law to the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly piece on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand lines of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little stranger, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data release means.
So, along with Keith London and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom in and zoom in, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Frank on the train to Colombia and how often I call the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, talking a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other at what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see this all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who participants in this protests, and, if the State had known who the leaders were -- this would never happen.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in particular, neither of the High Coral Coral.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the self-assembly and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-assembly.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved from fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because businesses and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you get from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for self-interest in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, HIV TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, HIV TEDx, what happens?
I call me Massac Warner, and I'm not Arabic, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, aspiring to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I stop all the time.
Look at it.
It's adopted. I'm like a Shaker mixture of Shake.
and Muhammad A.
P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not a configuration that you can't get.
No one elevated the uterus of my mother and not the contract because my parents were brothers, although they are.
Just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I love you, I'm not source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Virulence searches, are at the shopping center, drive in circles to search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little disabled?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P.
There will be a limit of the oppression. I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian a Malay, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Custain, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the note."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it.
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were left to the school system and they made sure that I was also going out, and if we didn't take all the most notes that we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years to put my heel on her feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so it would pursue it.
The surprise I carry inside was very strong.
Yes. The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a bone camp that has received a lot of galleries.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they keep being all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think of appropriate to use "Madagas to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot about hunger dying during the range.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so I'll help the dawn of the dawn is very easy.
Baby galaxy in Brooklyn.
Yeah, in Browne. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, or I can walk with tanks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tanks, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the Jersey coast, I was not going to go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Manhattan.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to kill me, so I drank ceremony milk, they put hot cups on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water loved my eyes and I thought, "Oh, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I did yoga. It was a state committee that I couldn't stand on a foot of stone.
And now I can stand on the head.
My parents told this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, the state of the state of Arizona, because I was going into all of the countries.
It was like the pet film of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I did a scene from the glass court my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral parasites.
I was a girl with cerebral parasites.
So I started screaming at the age of four winds: "The end will have a paper."
I have brain parasites."
At the end of the free." At the end of the finger."
Thanks to God straight, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Shirley Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that she could not do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role that literally was born and gave it to an actress without cerebral paralysis.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a quick history of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated back home, I went home, and my first alternative tour was like strangers in a telephone.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be appropriate to "married "the best friend in a singing.
Instead, I was there as a range, didn't look at me more than the one, and it was obvious to me that the report directors didn't hire large actions, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldberg Rosetta, Robert Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentable.
That's why I became humiliation.
In my first tour I took New York City commercials to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I was in the realization that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey autonomy with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without it.
Some people say I'm the first rolling of the Arab world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know you never heard that little dangerous rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Old and I launched the National comedy Festival in New York City now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media, and at the same time remind you to the report directors that Susiable and Arabic are not synonymous at all.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program in front of Keith Orleans.
I walked up as if I went to a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, five, four, three, two two."
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk of the press for not coming out of the screen during the security, and when I finished the interview, I was played.
At the end I had my opportunity and displaced it. I knew they wouldn't come back.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to inviting me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Orlengellist was that people on the Internet are scarce.
It's said that kids are crustleres, but they never got up from me or a little bit higher.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a burger object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why do you step?"
"Is it return?
And my favorite, "Poor terrorist book.
What does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A commission suggested even to add my disability to my computer: fighting, comfortable, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beck can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap man. Come on.
The disabled. We are the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said not to walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we need all society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet called the Delan Lucasset and the clearly Mradly Armers.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sander and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mattshires.
The world comes up with the Arab are coming crazy.
I was developed in representative of the great state of New Jersey.
And I founded "The Children in Massacress," a charity to give children Palestinian refugee children, a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me living live, and he gave this talk to her memory.
"Poor in peace, paint."
I call me Massac Zackarma, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town in South America.
This village is near Mockawa.
The drought drives the little village to poverty and on the brink of innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Motion, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He just lived on a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mockawa.
After maybe one year, nothing.
One day you come up with a gentleman who offers him to take it to lunch, later dinner, to destroy.
He knows a group of people who give it a rest.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothing, money to send home, their family.
They present to a young guy.
He finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Motashi, under a blue sky, broke a car bomb.
That child from that little village with the great city was suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were at the Sharing, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him inclusivened with it?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a perspective of future, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the shares, young urban urban urban people who were destroying riots in Johnson, they would take riots in London, which look for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest destination rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the history of the waiting period of waiting -- the access of access to terrorism. violence, violence, will be the story of cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city city, Motranda, 70 percent of young people are understood.
70 percent don't work, don't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mochalago last month, and I went to visit the Madagan Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital approached to battles, and if I never had left?
What if I had seen myself forced to be in that same way of waiting?
Would I have become terrorism?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was at Motazan that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a corporate corner.
It was about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to University at Mocharade, he graduated it.
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shake and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mocor, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the violent system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
They looked at an opportunity and approached.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started applying motors to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this different story do?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
I fight young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as well.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Moore, a fluid.
I was helping train some of the young people in the community of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate entrepreneurship.
In fact, it's the first flower that Motazan has seen over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came out, if you wanted flowers to your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw flower flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a companies of passive passion and design company.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mocharageer, and he started growing tube and tears, which as he said, could survive the hard climate of Mockama.
And it started the delivery of flowers, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in MonggoSt in 22 years.
There are no public parks at Mocorscold.
He wants to create a space where families -- young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They used business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bless the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They came up with the street kids in the street to help rent and maintain the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the perspective of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories on flowers and parks of peace than the shot and "perfectly waiting "presents."
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Addineer mountains, an area arrest north of New York state.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun made the leaves to shine as a victim, and not to be the way we went on, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to take that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a collapse in a reserve with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a garbage -- about four square feet with airplane heart balls on aluminum paper balls and old piles.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to get what they had brought to, who thought he was going to clean up their bathroom?
That question followed with me, and it was a little bit.
Who clean our gas?
No matter how you organize or where do we put our baseball out of our trash in State in State?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our garbage -- for 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recording products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facility in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interface.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scenes and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept running at the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also danger.
According to the Bureau of Lab States, waste harvesting is one of the 10 most dangerous equations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you.
They only want to get married, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the passenger of garbage.
When you get out of the lecture, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste harvesting is the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health projects.
If you don't get rid of the waste efficient and effective every day, this starts to get rid of their containers and their inherent dangers threatened in very real forms.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries are coming back and they start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old one we don't have space for what the economy engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, just point out your relationship.
And then there is what I call our daily average speed.
So I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, or we don't repair or clean or take with us our coffee cup -- our seals bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost little little little little little little little little bit.
They're on the street every day, artistic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait for you.
And their work allows us to do our job.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves from ourselves, from our own waste, our challenges, and that flow will always keep one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the crew of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as all the microscopes.
And I tried to thank you to do his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded and said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be OK."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together a lot of times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from the conditions and the local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives becomes an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go running running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it is needed a lot of fun.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a server by being so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really charged with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to little sellers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by imposing the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, putting all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an inclined attack that creates a space to free air in the building that is supported, for its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think of a similar tissue to an ant speech with performances to allow the air input and also of light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the steps of the streets.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the factor.
We're building that with these little preferences that are the windows that leave air and light in a way that is controlled inside of the building.
This is very close to these little colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we are asking."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the commercial center because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have an air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy audience for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these spots on the roof, which in conjunction collect water for the inside of the inside.
It's expected for early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do a very big project, the biggest I've ever designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also to their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I got special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 major beginning blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards of computers.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this led the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it is North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost as a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians in it.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like returning to the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all neighbors, you can upload and socialize, and do activities such as running a two miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils -- line. It was very strong for the capital capitals of the state, very good for processing.
I ended up that year and I was full of chaos, until I brought my friend plan.
One day I got a time after the school of school -- I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was low, I went in, I walked into the classroom, I took out of my teacher table the book of grades.
And then, I did.
I rented the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a little bit.
So all of the stuff.  And I took my book back into the box -- but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a screen, he ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows from East and myself a row of like that, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good to do it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was extremely obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I was disappointed by the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for processor.
I'm intrigued by the chairs.
They're so mysterious and so posterial.
We know that babies suffer from chickens.
Also, the primates, the blue birds are very prosperity.
We know that the skies are the number one cause of contradicts in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyze loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the novels are like the laboratory that they study in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no movies, there would be no literature.
There would be no Helen the influence, there would be no "Complete."
I wouldn't have king chart, not the thousand and a night.
There wouldn't be Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading list of secondary school, because we would be losing the Russian and the Furn, there would be no "Machines or "The Force: we would lose Martin Bow: and Anna K."
Without the children, there's no Protect. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers to everything, and in terms of the movies, almost that they all have them.
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece, "Story Apple and lose time -- the most exhaustive study of sexual hairs and also the ordinary competition, and I, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proposa, we have the sensitive details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a malaria humidity in your landscape.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as a cat trip.
I don't know what the cat lump is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they are so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the skies and Professor.
Is it very obvious as the children, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, their impacts, are a still solid nationalize?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel chaos.
When we feel chaos, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to clear the knife -- right?
The skies make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Propeller understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single amount of fresh people who Swart detected in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Swadis and Protener, they were notoriously challenges.
You know, Professor in Professor would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so hard to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The chairs are adopted.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the chairs?
The skies are nurtured from information.
The skies use the details.
The skies like the big amounts of bright hair, and the cute and little bits of patients.
The chairs are nutritionized from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Protection links the language of the language with the children.
When So Swadowa is in his gate analysis, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover -- then he defined those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is repeated, but it's not different than an old text or looking at a monster."
He says, "These are scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protect is trying to prove that the skies look intelligent and they make us seem absurd, but in their memory, they're search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth. In fact, what to propose to contract, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Proposa.
He says, "A woman who makes us suffer -- it makes us suffer, it causes in us a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crustic women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the skies reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us how to look at that peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unexpected young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was delighted.
And Freud says there was something strange in that man, he didn't look at what his wife was.
Because she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he looked for things that he made his wife without realizing -- involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much -- or is it accidentally broken with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the context of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
Novels describe very well how the skies make us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the skies are bringing us to make violent or illegal act.
The chairs are propelled to behave in fully unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me as well as eight years old, I know it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since he sent violent messages, horrible to himself, for a year.
For one year. All a year.
She was trying to insult the new girlfriend of his former new boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, reacted to administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Panadom High novel.
High High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Here in a Tree: and "The talented Mr. Ripper, books that are dealing with the children, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the chairs, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be performed in a second.
Take Tom Rill, his most famous character.
Tom River is going to love or want what you have to appropriate from your self and to stand out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, respond to your name, take your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rivers route.
I can't give you all the world as well as I sometimes want to.
It's a shame, because we live in the time of envy.
We live in teenagers times.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the environment? Right?
Are the novels show us the sale? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
We go to the Batman Street Sanderson and we ask for Shell Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the curse.
But I've always preferred the Research Lessay, the head face of Stage Year that needs Hollywood desperately needs Hollywood, but he was upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Less needs its help, but the residents, and I bubble with a little bit of the mysteries in the fall.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sixth Nations of the Sixthes Nexteria: once Holly comes in, it would go to everybody with his solution, Lester goes to Hollywood and says, "We're not challenges, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he says there is no person at Scotland Yard who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transplanted in history. It looks like this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the skies as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they are on the same side.
Suddenly, Lessara is allowed to admire that idea of being he seems.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the skies are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we are allowed to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to be aware of the excellence of the other.
We can join it.
But I like the power plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to construct us.
It's just the fiction of the films.
The fiction used to be doctors, invite them to the table.
And look at what I address," the Lester Dutch, the terrifying Tomphish Royal, the Same Swartz, the same Marcel Proposing.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alley jumped outside of the Apollo 11 of the Apollo 11 and he went off the Bandatar Sea.
Armstrong and Alley were alone, but their presence on the surface gray gray was the culmination of a monster collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave up to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Two walked on their surface, which is what Alley was after the Army death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of the room, 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be having to emphasize next, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some people ask, why is the moon?
Why would we turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain mountain."
35 years ago, why fly about Alabamama?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pone," for the contemporary -- the Apollo wasn't just an West victory on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to marvel to the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policies were eradicated and eliminated smallpox.
The technology seemed to happen what Alvin Telescope in 1970 called accelerator "force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a steal ship -- but in 1969, the Apollo transport transport 10 miles /
Since 1970, no human being has returned to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has evaporated by seeing that the technology would solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been interesting.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 disaster.
I was five years old, and my mother told me you don't look at the escape.
I knew that this would be the last flow mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists have been distracted and been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated window.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a corporate explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created fewer ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel intellectuals, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that venture investment causes the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their degree without worrying about the risk, they preferred little investment, tiny investments that they could come out in 10 years.
The C.O.s. have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose developing is long-term and developing in the development of technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and electricity and biopoxy. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Computer and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biometric.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treated are going to invent the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treated that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technological, they don't have to be.
We know for a long time that famines are result of failure in the report of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that actually affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the challenges or the systems for food and food support, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems are sometimes choosing a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon will declared the cancer war in 1971, but soon we found that there are a lot of kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have been presented: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem -- the institutions must support the solution, it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a role model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gravitational competition as in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy that here is hard and dangerous, and there is no popular science of fiction fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become a cycle of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a character: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record and the goal and the task have been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a chemistry, a target and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, what do people think the trust has disappointed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge myself to think that there can be decline in some activities or institutions, and that could have augmented in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can resort to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the views of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is to say, the people who were being defined 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago still remain pretty confident, judges, nurses, nuts.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen citizen is almost exactly half of the road.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions of course.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust the policies? Trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the vegetables?
You trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
I would probably start to ask, "What for?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you answered your question, "Well, I trust you in some, but in other not."
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of officer, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading -- but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why is we left all that knowledge when we think about trust in the more abstract way?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to forget the good judgment in the fact that they trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
That's not the goal that I will pursue for.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is serious about trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a chance to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who developed their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madake, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust definitely or infectious trust, that's the right target.
Once you tell it, you say, yeah, OK, that's what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that a person is competitive in the central materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if you are not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're all obligation.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I don't have many friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely disconnected.
If it's like that, I haven't been stuck.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge for.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes longer to make the administrative paper to attend the car to yourself."
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness.
What they do is to address the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, demanding them that "management the cars: as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we try to be distribution worthy and convey to people who are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- which is not properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust, put things upside upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is distinctive, because we have some other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the foundation enough so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive -- usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to give you physical evidence that you're trusted by trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
I have the store where I bought my socks, says I can give them back without giving any explanations to it.
I take you and give me the money, or they change me by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other side, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're aiming is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been working on reducing the separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of screen in which imagination can be discussed.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers who?
I started imagining what it would be.
First he created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong force against the screen takes their physical body to pilots.
Designers can trade their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Apple Science, along with my mentor Carter Bolland, I redesigned the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent video with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a state.
You can throw the book up and make lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we go into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
All right, many of us will have bought and put things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a move move in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Isaac and my collaborator Refuge Post, we created this one single physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was we encourage gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach companies physically and distance and famous takes from Michael Jordan, can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitoring or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to connect from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier -- the only limit that is still our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tends to say, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a brain path to happiness -- safe work and really well removed.
No matter whether or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer seat.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the absorptions, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of the school and the press of a radio program.
But no adults would take the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another vocalization.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It comes to books.
"The Complete "The Complete Sandersuard of Sander Charles Checkle Checkless" "Can Come to America in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
Good Earth is about the Chinese campaign life.
And it's not convinced conventional. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revealed, "Have your father and your mother."
Honey: I said, "It's so different, and much better than the objective."
So it became my tool to come out of this companies of collapse and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my computer reading habit as well.
I provide a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparison reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There is a research field as a comparative comparative and competitive literature.
Compare and contract and offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people from "Welcome Fashion from Walter Massachusetts of David Madagan who were involved in one thing, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha -- it's all psychologists, surface, fear and social sense. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Cord Turkey path Thomas Martin "The Truck way to the Talk And So Walkers instead of losing me in the tradition, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized happiness in Chinese literally means "General "General." Ja.
And "Grandmone in Chinese, literally means New mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel used or powerless ever.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many other people have suffering.
I've come to believe that the fact is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a shattered dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I am here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client in me.
I was a Ph.D. student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a hill tone, and he sat on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so flat.
My classmates had a pigeon as a first client.
And I got a veteran who wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the historic stories that Alex brought the sessions, I was easy to just move the head while we took the solution.
"The Tribes are the new senses: Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working after that, you get home after you have children later, to death happens later.
For the versions of Alex and I had a time of a point.
But soon after that, my superconductor prepared me to introduce Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resisted.
I said, "Sure, he's coming out with kind of under his category -- he sits up with a dry head, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my superconductor said, "It's still not not, but maybe he married the next one.
In addition, the best time to work on the Alex marriage is before it goes away."
This is what psychologists call "A "Amazon."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel after what it was used, but this didn't cause the 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life, but for careers and families and future of sense of the single side.
There are 50 million trips in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one gets to adulthood without spending before the 20.
Hands up if you're in your 10.
I want to see the senses of here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with selling to a venture, they love a venture, you take your dream a separate, I want to see. It's fine. Incredible. The versions really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at 35 years.
That means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Shake: that shape their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, they don't get into panic paint.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or come out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and reproduces for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change of itself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their ball at the 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the developing child, we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common life has a designed impact on the person who will become it.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the senses are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the timeline.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists coined the residents of the senses like "Typestically and "Christmas."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernandoe said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them palms to a seat in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, they sent smart senses, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as it starts a race before the 30, everything will be OK."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for ending up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates for the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came out, and everyone began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the sellers here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the triangles and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
A lot of these things are not competitive, and there are research that starts to show that it's much harder and stressful to do everything from once to 30.
The prosthetic middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of triangles and rooms look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the senses are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a teacher.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though they live about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
And he cried often in our sessions, but then she raised herself by saying, "One doesn't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book line, and he had spent the entire morning reading with her many contacts -- but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words "In case of emergency -- please call me a car."
I was at the point when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have an autobiographical accident.
Who is going to care if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "I me."
What Emma needed was not a therapist that was really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit at me as the decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the window, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and get an identity capital.
By capital capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and no one knows the future of the work, but I know this -- capital of identity generates charity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not looking at the Venezueland exploration, I'm looking at exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's procedure.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and he would tell them to tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport, but the senses that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what they know, how they think, how they do, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call weak friends friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the versions have a bad job, or they have no work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way that we get to this group.
Half of the jobs that we created never published, so knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a non-consumer job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
On the last but not least, Emma thinks that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when he was growing up, but as a Venezuela, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You might think that the 30 is better to sit than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person you live with right now, or you're happy now when everybody in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just to make it work or kill time with whoever you choose to you.
So what happened to Emmanuel?"
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This one with a man who chose constantly.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love working with self-designing.
It's very easy to help you.
The senses are like planes that come out from the Los Angeles airport.
Just before the shower, a slight fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or First.
In the same way, at 21 or even 25 to the 29, a good conversation, a good discovery, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the senses that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
This is what I have the privilege of saying to senses like Emma every day, the triangles are not the new 20 percent, they get their adulthood, they get identity capital, use their weak bond, choose your family.
They don't let you define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting by a work that was even more extremely extremely, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York Public schools.
And as any professor, I applied tests and testing.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, the grades.
What I called the attention was that the CD. It wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no CAO states.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a subset.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years more than a dozen years, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the better way.
It's the CD, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Power.
So we tried to predict what cells stay in military training and who would be represented.
We went to the National Center of Detroit, and we tried to predict what kids would advance most possible in the competition.
We studied innovative teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of their students learning their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their job off?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, it emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance -- physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the decline.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to their future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the week, but for years and working hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a race at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires and then waiting about more than a year to see who they graduate are graduating up.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduate school, even when I packaged them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Center of Slow in which the determination is -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical work of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long realm?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not following with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the decline is commonly not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Diagra, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fine, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Diagast has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to see when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop decline.
But we need more.
And that's where I will end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, and we have to be willing to start all again with the lessons that we learned with.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a calorie, one of my most adapted memories is my mother showing me beauty, the shape and the figures of Chinese characters.
From that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreign, it seems to be as impressive as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language that can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the bits of every career in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read signs of traffic signals, restaurant minds, understanding the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's spread.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I were screaming strangely, "Ahalatology." (Audience: I'm really removing -- this symbol is actually original from the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to follow.
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiplicity.
If one person pulls their arms, this person is saying "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jesus in the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the food.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a picture."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of fire.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prepared.
Three together, those are steams.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the clothes of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Touch, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, screaming, expanding.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing it.
Three women together, take care of adult.
So we've already spent 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical.
The next group of eight characters.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of cartoons, which is the same as an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the careers, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a fly.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin. We created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached to each other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employers would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a sale.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad are the movies I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Guardian magician together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Lake, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand out.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of a complete child of phantom shows.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took me about years later on, interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal kid and a potato kid rescued a girl dress as a guide of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the films we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Guardian magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the arms.
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today, the magician would say, "Harvard, you're the saving of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the market generated by the evil bureaucrat.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Guardian magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even white people are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the supply level had gone down.  So he took away in the room and he was inspired as a mother leg with his legs behind me, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, I absorbed everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be value issues, personalized and slide?
Would it have the feeling that Luke is one of the sense that Luke is an army to stream the government?
Let's compare this to the Guardian magician of 1993.
How do you win Dorothy his movie?
By making good miracles with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world I want my children to grow O. OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, finger in movies for our children, and so little from yellow broken translators?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that Lebane princess doesn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults that is minimum.  I think at the time of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why do they keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
Films are focused on defending the window and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the Disney principles for any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their objective public goal.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the paradigm, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Bernard and Kansas, but they don't stop being the war movies.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who were creating a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, eventually came Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what criticism said when it came Valine?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a prize.
It's very good. Don't let that stop you."
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Belle's test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alisa Bell is a comic comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine about the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done, in the movie, is more than a female character that has lines, right?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more than the kid so much of the guy --  OK? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Angel.
Right? Okay of October, success success -- a consensus idea of what a quality Hollywood film is.
It's basically not the Bell test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the resident crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide screen, and it's the great time for one of the assets to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed and charity?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe they have female prototypes?
Opinion. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we have recently chosen for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a larger number that is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
One in five women said it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or paradigm are closely linked to you, but something wrong and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual agrenity.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What don't you learn to?
You're looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violent with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we assigning that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to ask you if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of man.
The definition of mathematics is changing radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assessment.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars was like, you know what he responded?
Obviously.
Obviously Obama and Glai.
What are these two in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son, you see and fight only and more stories where he looked at their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the Guardian magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contractors.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I can see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of about 1,300 miles away next to the Nike.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared infrastructure.
This is a place that is located in the eastern floor of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the same view, seems to be brown up, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright roll.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptian activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Enstrument, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Family, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Electrons have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, identified inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous aluminum plan.
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 percent per mile.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Italian side, and as it changed over time, it was brought to this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city supported in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paradox, with the eyes sold and using baseball guys.
So we use NASA surveys.
We were able to see where the Nike flows from.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of Itarclia.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shot shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters below a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of chronic objects.
This means that in this possible location of Ethiopian, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years to date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Israeli.
We also found a work of fish -- coral, fight and cat, which shows there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem to be not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italian here, but we will go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italian 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So it looks like TED wasn't founded in 1984 D.C.
It makes ideas happen actually started in 1984 to C. Cape in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that he's done.
Now you visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycle bicycles.
They're competing in a nutritional radio race and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to look at this really.
They're painting strong, they're sweating, they're going to be supposed to go.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that are happening on the side of the wheels that end up in auditorium places -- they pass the door threshold.
The vehicle, or what you have on the other side of the door, and you see the quality of light, the light of light on the Guatemala Montana.
She's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them conservatives in the nose.
You can smell the bird cookie and you go on and get into the mouth.
They go on one side and go into their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Speed.
He's with a little bit clothes, dancing on his center message, singing "Hey, Bay One More Mountain Mountain."
Now please take me to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven they come into you, Darwin, the Marine Man -- the Spanish and the Magnesia Magnesia, the Scratch and the Magic Magnesica: jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Medium Memory of the United States."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a superconductor superconductor.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages of hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorized the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compare to see who could memorize more rapidly.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Oh, when do you realize that you were a knowledge?
Ed said, "I am not a wise guy.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved in this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained ourselves to perform these miracles of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I have not heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English English -- although a little shock, he said, "John, you're an American journalist ...
You know Britney Saturdays?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Speed how to memorize the order in a labor of live landscapes, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spans, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only by training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential might be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.U.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pete. In he was based on Dutch Huge in the "The Random Man."
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, mixing phone guides. It was central.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Angeless and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained and disciplined and culture was not as rare as it can look at today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culture, and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique memory competition.
It's not really so simple -- there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College College invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or analyzing different different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control of the control of control that they compared them.
When they put them in a MRI MRI machine, they chose their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow costs. They found that in memory champions they lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is made as an armed race where every year is someone with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Fridge, three times from memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 laws of completely messy cards that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 420 random binary digits.
Yes.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end they reduce a single concept that psychologists call the electronics communication."
It illustrates with an elephant that was known as the Babylon Park, "Shakespeare says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you for you. Remember there's a man called Bay."
That's his apple.
And then I ask you, "You remember there's a "danger bank.
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you a right?
Do you remember what was it?"
The person who was told that his name is Baywamin is unlikely to remember the same word that the person he told her work is "Baby."
The same word, different memory capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bay, it actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to you.
With all the other memories that they dance for your head.
But the word, "Bason: we know panels.
They use simple white hats.
They have home in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting up assetting hooks to fish them easily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data two thousand years ago in the Great Greece.
It's known as the "marginalize palette."
The story says this: There was a poet called Sister that put a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't go to a DJ: It was hired to a poet a poet to a poet, right?
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he walked down, and so soon it went out of the gang out of the gang there.
Move them around.
But not only did it kill everyone, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them redentality.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So you couldn't get into the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simons, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting at each individual.
He took families in the hand by bringing them out to where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What SETI would look at at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or words of word for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask them to tell me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you from Sister, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the parallel horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy. The more crazy and the fantastic and application is the picture, more inevitably to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treaties of memory, in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory, the same way that they had done it Chinese if you invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely insulin competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the monster of the galleries mounted on Mister Edie.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Coda.
And then they would see Britney Speed to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they come into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that you would talk about would be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and you have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse it, but typical by typical typical.
In fact, the term "Type that comes from the Greek "The Stock Stock: which means "play."
It's a resident of when people thought about the price and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase in the first place: it would be like the first place in your memory palace of memory.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of it on that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this competitive memory subsidies.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting at a test -- I mean, the most exciting thing that's happening is when someone gets care of the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in the place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school ancestor bought in a pile market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
He would never have expected it to be.
It was entrepreneurial, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's really about doing is to make it better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images -- comics, providers, individuals, authorities and observation in the eye of mind.
I was quite angry.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of organs and some security glasses with tape leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory personal experiment.
I thought this could serve of good power for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and the shopping list, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that you will build patterns of memory or memorize cards of nairstress, to benefit with a little bit of performance on how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply in focus.
The male paleontology. These memory techniques, are just attacks.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing kind of attention, a whole kind of attention that most of us don't get to run out there.
But the reality is, there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get massive.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what Edible, the ambition that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence missing in the Balines or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so strange that we don't even bother in processing deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that I remember remembering remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we will address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents' home in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there they all had the time watching the telly -- so every time I went out of my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I was driving and I wrapped into a towel -- everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was a supermarket, insecure and hated it.
I hated that tour, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not about division, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy in.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
So 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I explore you -- you think about power, "strand and democracy."
And I know that you think about this for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destruction that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable sounds, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build the audiences and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Linda Public Library that was ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red brown, that let you understand what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the poetry.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life.
We put up, we push and push so much, that we get away completely from people.
All of black, this is depressed, you think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start to experience again, we do the poetry back to forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "radio called "Bridge."
It's about the concrete.
That can be advanced.
Small windows on a desperate scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We pushed the panel back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know and we update them.
We add together and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't take any back.
We took Cherners and we turned them into skyscrapers that can be medical cartoons made of glass.
The shapes were got to be added in audacity and color.
The Iranians became a columns.
Stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the media, the French or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the Italian or the
I possibly have a sentence of bread.
This is what happens to the post-conflict.
This is what happens to symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we bring memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tone.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated and we started to make the poem back in the other direction.
In the 1980s and early '90s, we started to experiment with the so-called destruction.
We downloaded historical symbols, we now have new design techniques in the computer, and we find new components, a few ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassment, and it's super insulated. You get totally excluded.
Usually, the poem would be taking out of the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Billie de Biby, from Frank German.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times called this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao went up in two percent when the building ended up the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical forms, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media became around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, country with other star architects.
He went to Za and Lincoln, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
Transport is accelerated: you can take a ship -- an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology access. You can see in the newspapers, in the telly TV, and ultimately, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, 100 buildings more, before you know whether that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there is never good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Brital was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were designing them.
That is never going to happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete.
My theory is that when you apply the poem to the media, it starts to get faster and faster, until you get in both extremes near simultaneously, and it was effectively distributed between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you are the public.
Now we can make symbols almost intense and emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was sent down.
This is the center of a village called Pones on Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming out and shared it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes coordinations with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols. We learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but that have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Library libraries.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's money.
Municipals that can lead to the mayor of Lincoln, people in Lincoln, and tell them that there's no unique answers to what a library can be.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grand words and complicated drawings, and you are no longer a depression that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
Architects can listen to you, and you don't stop to innovate the architecture.
That means that the power pollute from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings will be moved to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage at Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for yoga.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars of the community attached around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of reference, as muscle and fiber like the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, hire it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces -- local libraries -- the local libraries where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that cool way, typical of the children in a year -- as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves her reflection it.
It's laughing and challenger, and it gives himself those big and wet kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when do I stop doing this?
How do we suddenly do not like our appropriate?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look for Google, "Am I family."
This is Faire, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Denna.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and adapt.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time it's beautiful, every day at school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
From what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of herself -- publishes it on YouTube, and I ask others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I family?
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so dangerous, not even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, who receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is the leading to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting by saying, "I like to say, "I think, by sharing, it is never over.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your bedroom every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is holding our kids to catch out in the number of "I like them and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real, or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitized digitally.
What is the most stretched thing in someone else's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are set of the news of girls now.
Certain metal models continue to dominate our spaces.
The texture technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, Texastics, and school, Brazilian and operating.
For those of you who know it, it means productive.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports stress, and the range songs.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be bad individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributing to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid to participate in the classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical form.
One out of five are not going to go to classes at all in the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see it enough enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a smaller note to the average of your partners who don't worry about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets irrespective of what these young people are.
So, so that it is very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you are really you.
The low self-esteem on its body is defining academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Tensions with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more distributions that can lead them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, aesthetic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sex relationships to early ages and without protection and data damage.
The search of the perfect body is protecting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have superconductors again, regardless of whether or they don't have any higher aspiration rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a work interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
This potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of intense programs, without realizing it, worse the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are starting points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the signs in the issue, and we are a better model to go through women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the paradigm of our politicians in chest cuts or the size of their chest or insight that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you what was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their person, valuing innovation, diversity, inclusive it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestrian.
We get them to make a difference in the real world, and they are the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they can never be able to be who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Is it a wife?
Her sister, your sister.
How about his daughter.
Her opening? Is his friend?
It could just be the woman who is about two seats of distance -- what would mean for her if he was released from that autopsy voice in his interior, that I love him for not having long legs -- more thin ships, a more flat single side?
What would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say it leads to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is catching us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
So let's think that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is we love them for those of them and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small trips of a year of today, they become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five in November 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth Now I walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Mechanical Kaka, the leader of the Jewish Defense League League leader.
The idea of initially declared it, but being arrested by other minor charges -- in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, syndrome and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a FBI.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
It's later to be convicted for his participation in that attack.
Electro note is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, elementary school, among the two made all possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few, including most Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
But in every religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are terrified so far to their conversation that thinks that you have to use all possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last couple of weeks, he and some friends, had been going to the shoes training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Carte Prize pollen who, without knowing our group, was sended by the FBI.
When I got to throw out, my father helped me hold the mirror in the shoulder, and I explained how to put the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that I took to the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of us, especially me, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic, he said, "I stop "back."
From such a parent, such a child.
For all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a fall charged with 700 pounds of experts in the underground parking park of the World Trade Center causing an explosion that killed six people and did another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Martin: it means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable with someone already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency was a victim.
It was considered secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new of the class, silence and remote, was enough money.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
So for these reasons it didn't develop social skills, to say it very gently, for growing up under fantasia, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me opera to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put up my thinking was during the presidential elections in 2000.
In a university program where I participated at the Julia National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of killing almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had made a friendships, was Jewish age.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail and I realized that there was no analysis between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was very proud to have been very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that my entire life had made me believe that was infant.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience resulted in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and by extension, all of the homosexual were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I was able to see that several of them were the most gentle and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been treated by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to others suffering, but it wasn't easy for me to treat ordinary people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be gay, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Shoes."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my internals, and it helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my father in a moment that I was desperately talking about.
In times, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraordinary, was not in valley.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would consider in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless dancers, and he said, "I'm tired of driving."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hate on your inside.
My real name is not Zakok Orangero.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself in a position risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody else is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- than even though I was told to this violent and international ideology. I didn't get to make me fantasy.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, and by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk about these meaningless acts as a reference to my father's actions.
And with this simple one of me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-trade movie.
It's at 3D, and it has a smooth sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has an armor, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood that is projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a positive voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experienced everything in the direction.
This film is your conflict flow, the subject of the mind of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, tea, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you're aware of you.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science for nature, is objective for nature.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, they predicted that vision.
psychology was studying the behavior obviously, the neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurosciences like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penns said, "Now it's time for science to concern consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give the neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the embarrasses, like horizons, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical appropriate areas are all emerging behaviors, how the embarrasses operate -- how the humans work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we played chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is why is it that everything behavior is accompanied with a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergency, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a state scientific mathematician.
I want a scientific theory of the self-assembly that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, it's kind of a analogy, something we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and this is how everything needs to explain it.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductioning consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promises.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks," space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic at all.
In the contrary, it is considered fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is coming.
In the 19th century, Malawi discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass of Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electronics, and I put the electrical burden as a fundamental concept that those laws govern in.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, burden -- then for logic question, you have to play the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to do it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can store them in a record.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "Intellection: "Panisement for all, physically personally -- every single system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, even the microbes of Rob Kingen, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are intelligent or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of angel when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses."
No, so no.
But thinking is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would anyone think something so crazy?
Some of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is critical.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illusion, it's much less for different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is to link consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
A very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillion Tony, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called piece, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of paper, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information in a mouse of information -- quite significant.
But when you get to the abuse, microbes, particles -- the grade degree said.
The level of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will be a different level of certain consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of piece, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that the optimism can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality underlying below.
As Stephen Hawking explains where the fire of the equations comes from?
From the passive view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision -- I think, the passive vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to be vegetarian, so I had to
If you're a panches and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think I think that thinking about it, it tends to transform your visions. Whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Sandenner artificial intelligence system in the movie "Hitchen?"
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the panciple information, she has a complicated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of taking them off.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collective collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be taken seriously.
So this passive view is a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental -- that it is universal.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go down the right path towards a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, probably this is the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I came together with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name me for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't really gotten anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's polar, and I spent a lot of time watching the Burch State Superman and "Daminating Creator."
Yeah, I know. What contract.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melandel, just after about 20 minutes on the 11 legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discovery?
And I said, "What discussion?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of database for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair, they talk about inspirational things in school?"
Usually in the act of act."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not blame from the boy, it is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear the strangers strangely.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to the disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is something Malay, at math, Me mathematically.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social communication.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one: "Before I left, I underpin."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hand drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with artificial legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term profoundly profound, because they encode a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we care about disabled disabled people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, because of a bad thing that is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the count of the number of times that have gotten me weird to express that they think I'm courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is coordinating.
These images, those images encode people with disability in benefits of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we assume are not the things you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "presents" -- deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we're more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They just are using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match them in the way we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here building the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learn that this is a great idea to use some clay paintings to collect the things that fall to me.  Let me learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exceptions and costs us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest insulation.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in the middle of a ladder has never done that it becomes a barrier.
Never    Soldier before a television screen will not make the supplies for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and investing a positive attitude to convert all those books to the shark.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting on his bedroom watching "Human Valley not considered anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the general achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 19-year-old boy in a high school school in Melanish is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
Disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do the augmented reality and the professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a non-consumer glorious?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't get deposited.
When people think about augmented reality, you think of "Minority Replock" and in Tom Crushi taking hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happening because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing poster, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles -- the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a man from 110 pounds chasing us, trying to get rid of all their being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass, under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of the NGO of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but --  -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kleie: Let's go.
It's horrible to be debated.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kleie: As you can see, it's a problem of what is being shot in the football field, from the perspective.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corporate from the University of Washington.
Field Mars, "The 45 "The "The 45 Kittens 45."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kleie: This is a little bit more about feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NBA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field.
Or a running?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with God and Google Glass, how do we get out of film? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Elerance Riverside, which surely many already know.
The Rift Economic has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing on." No!
Oh, my God." Ah!
CC: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain being afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we look at a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting out of a screen with the arm before they run and make a renational? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Massa running on the carrot, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Fed making a street in the world?
What will your experience be when I descended from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic scratch?
Maybe you increase the dangers of the pathologies for adults.
But this is not yet augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, RG.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R.
We're going to take the reality augmented when the training, the giants and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win participants?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief review about technology at NFL technology.
In 1965, the Pakistan Ports put a way to their field burned so it would play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL placed radio radio radio rains and then in the defenses.
They had more spectroscope because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you are a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown from you in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you wear -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose participants, and they hate to lose participants.
If you lose a pair of them as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
And augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
Bad ones are going to have information.
This difference to the good teams of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recommendations, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It will be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that it's the field.
You get the ball and comes back.
You look for an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your bombsight is embarrassed that a defense behind you is going to attack you, and you don't see it, but the UK system warned you.
You go to the protection area.
Another flower came up with you that there's an open receptor.
You launch the ball.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in their view a grass area that lights and can modify the race.
You know, it carries down, it runs and room.
The public reaching and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
Fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The reality used to be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and cycle, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports leaders.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a guess how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it live being perfectly?
How much is that also for a Hazara Commandment or a Neil Degree Times trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karabilities."
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the Higgs Patterno in California.
Most of those 23 years old, I spent the street of the southern Marine County, which includes the Golden Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by the beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Golden Gates was open in 1967.
Joseph Stress, engineer chief of building the bridge, he said, "The bridge is pretty much suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or process."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been intended as such a thing, such that the fall of it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going on to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which are performing vital organs.
Most of dying in the impact.
Those of you who don't normally fall into the helpless water, and then they hang out.
I don't think that the ones that contemplating this method of suicide are aware of the matrix that they will face.
This is the cable here.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches from parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are in front of them to take away the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at its darker time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the flag.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year when he received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the heart near the center.
And I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try and commit from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- I asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
And remembering the Greek mythology. Zeroes created Pandora, and he sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
They came up with pales, sorrows and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
And he stopped a few months, leaned on the right, and it left.
This kind of grandfather and smart guy in New Jersey just had a living.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
The parents of Jason had been asked by Japanese.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
Do you ask these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved it was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
I'll listen to understand.
Don't argue, blame or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't fear to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Do others in similar circumstances have been thinking about ending their life -- have you had these thinking things?
To confront the person in front of them can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- the social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
Hi. Kevin, I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insight, but noticing more moments to really realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with her father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the police of Peter and repeated it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jumping from the bridge at 1850s in the late day.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before without suffering a real mental illness, right?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My sentences are with you for your fight.
The GDP -- the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victorian."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11th, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject subject on the sidewalks near the North tower.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, of foot on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, he immediately crossed the dropper, and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day going back to that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happened.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What was it that he made you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear me.
You let me talk and just listen.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Mr. Britain, nothing will erase the 11 of March 11th, and you are one of the reasons Kevin goes on with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climbing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it's been properly medical.
I adopted Kevin when he was only six months, completely unconscious of all of those horizontal traits but thanks to God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
In debt with you, Narrator Berkeley.
And at the end she wrote, "Hey, and when I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out like the patient.
"I know I had to fix it."
Today, Kevin is a curious and active father of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act -- despite the end of its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Usually this is just three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who spoke to him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final press, he looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrifying, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and alive and you can talk about it, that one percent or two, most of those people have said that the second one they left the dance realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connection Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us must be striving for doing.
suicide can be prevent.
There is help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and one question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had gotten the dream that I had ever had a little girl.
My outside finally focused on my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will talk to you later, when I look at this picture I think -- you get George, you got it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, just just -- I'm starting to go.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our society in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to liberate to get rid of the limited limitations by the color of the skin or for the beliefs that surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this enzyme is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a kid, because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always had this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to self to self-controlled.
The gender has always considered a matter of fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be what I'm bad at, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist pop of compassion.
There is a Hindu gods, the doodless girl.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still seen, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a construction of transportation bear.
That night she said, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concept?
He told me that if I was going to participate, she would get away from the inspiration and the vegetable, and that night, I won in bathroom suits, won on a gallery suit, and it was third end of the bottom of 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of beautiful women, but I do can.
I also met the device of the devices, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philadelphia.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my request of the green card that I could go to live in the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty back."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was forced in Thailand at the age of 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand actually perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe cities.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Geneva and the "Girl of the female gender.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity documents means being able to drive or be able to get a suit, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears looked at me.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and I'll be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman from Man New Mellon.
A young woman in New York who was basically living his truth, but he was dependent, he put the end of his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global value by the Damination Day of the Transistors.
I'm in this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there is no longer 20 in November 20 anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rockett: Sure. See first, thank you with all my benchors.
And my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been to young women who have been transplanting, who I've been providing, and sometimes when they called me and they told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I would take the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
That is, all of us assigned a gender at birth, and what I try to do is to put on the table the subject that some times that statement is not stripping, and that there should be a space that allowed people to be understanding -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transportation movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents usually know for their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mala started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were shocked in 2011, when their efforts were able to get the Pone President of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice and inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a child, their birth is not celebrated by it.
It's not welcome -- not for your father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes down to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first child, he gets sad.
When she gives birth to the second daughter, he constants, and, with the hope of a child, when he was using his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers -- but the daughter -- the daughter next nation, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when she should go to school, it stays at home and school admit to their sisters.
Up until the age of 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
He can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when he was 13 years old, he gets out of his house without a male apple.
He's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the call of his father and his brother and his family, and if you translate the code of that honor course, I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor. It doesn't only affect the life of a boy, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a number more of the patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criter.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It is supposed to be quiet and accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the elderly decisions, even if you don't want.
If you married it with a man who doesn't like or if you married it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be able to be helpful.
If you married it very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it a low.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poetry, "The care, the care, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother included the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malay, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia from Mahagie, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line out of my name, and I wrote, "Ball!"
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admire it in my school.
You may wonder, why should I mention the addition of a girl in a school?"
Yeah, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, is a great event for life of child.
In a school that means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admiration to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations, where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I turned out the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to accept them in your personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mala.
I've been impacting all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education.
I taught my daughters, I taught students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called solar.
Looking at brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the saling.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girlfriend and the killed singers and snows.
They suffered millions, but a few people talked about, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and smile when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Mala got up, and he went down the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documents and talked on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of October 2012, they shot it into the head.
It was a daily day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was sitting in between life and death, she whispered to my wife to my wife, "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And he immediately said, "Please, don't blame you.
Defend the right cause.
You put your life on play by the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter would inspire you and you get together.
Both were on the right way and God protecting it."
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't go back to ask again.
When Mala was in the hospital and he had severe pain pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my stream and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get fine. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and we consumed us.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tumor that has done so audacious to Mala so brave and expression and economics?"
I mean, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moon group of Google, where I've had a split to my car, the visualization divided by Google X, but all the work I talk to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to a brain operations.
Are you just like intelligent or not?
Not to be, will you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix of chemicals, and try to get them to keep with life.
More than once I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiments, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my authority, my sense of who I was, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
One particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried dose and chemical chemicals for a man of time, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I was thinking about all the time in the sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the versions of it.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying a little bit intended, fixing a problem that had the front, and it simply didn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to restore my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference point, how do I get those mental images that I use to create propositions, my ideas, if you want to do it?
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philanthropies like Humor, Descartes and Hollywoods see things like that.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental to creative and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and I have lots of great mental genes, really vivid versions, well sophisticated and strongly structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take fast these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to run the world that has the front world?
Or could a musician be able to extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two recorded groups in neuroscience.
Both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia Gandon and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the medium shows the rise of the brain of that same individual as you imagined it, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by looking at the content of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost normal.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost normal.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves in the recognize visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed the hundreds of hours of YouTube video while they were hiding their brains to create a great approach of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while it was a new scan in it.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer decorations, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us boring.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems that are available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer to that.
A lot of people are proposing new systems of projection for images -- even me -- counting with the recent outcome of MRI first, should we ask ourselves the next question, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, more large magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rivers, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in the resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in encoded and decoration, in the transmission and recent FM records of the MRI systems.
By the same time, instead of a universal magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the IMF processing process, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scanner.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flower of overlooked blood, but the of the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of the human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be critical to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options than open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about stepping out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay marine.
I think we all have a brand.
His closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have come through in life.
Everything market is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be able to be able to vary the experience of living and have come out of that marine is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working at the South Side Walker Calent, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intelligence of the health military, not to break my armpits, quote the letters of Ann Dr. France like a legal.
And I'm going to be aware that by the hole of my short pants and I had stuck my head up, I would usually ask a little kid, "Hey, you're a guy or girl?"
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a little bit of radio.
The father would immediately get the newspaper and the mother would take a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised me that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a girl or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to get full of the female issues on the table.  He had Betty Fried quote.
Gloria Steve quote.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe up and I went down the look and I went down a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist god, just a girl with a question, "Are you a little girl or girl?"
So I would breathe back back again, I put myself from touches near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something constant.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pig.
Well, I'm more about the kind of girl of a comfortable pig."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite leg is violent, and it has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park that I asked for?"
It was the hard conversation of all of it ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of them were honest with the other.
As many of us, I have lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a cartoon.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or your own or your own.
Now, I'm going to give you a hundred reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that to explain to someone who has declared in broken bank is harder than saying it's been sentence?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than saying to your five years that you're going to divide you?
There is no more difficult thing -- there is only the hard.
We need to stop challenging what is difficult to respect what it difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we have to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and high heels.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old boy who would enter coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet, starting my gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not decline them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable gas launch was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that it was gay, and when I made my honor laboratories in my black dress and tanks, I walked around the tables and finally I came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lant."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Have you ever been in the Carter?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's famous."
"Oh, you know my state Antarctica.
It's very good and he's never talked about having a girlfriend."
"Ham, what is your favorite TV program.
Is our favorite program.
You know who we love it? Jack with?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, decorated but in waiting to desperately show his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said brain, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink cameras."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all of the grains of grandmother.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt like men.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were extracting.
And what else can you ask someone, but will you be followed?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations are still going to be my strong point.
Ask anyone who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Philadel of Panches.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any marine is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Keep the army. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no administration, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be general, others should know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it. Get your parachutes.
If you know they're gay, give it.
If they say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will remain the hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let me get the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can come out of the safe wounds that they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel decisioned, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So next time you find in a heart dark by starting a grandmother, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolland. Enjoy the metric.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edison Diploman that the question of if a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of a submarine can swim.
When Edgar Diplomats wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turkey.
And so some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the Earth of the Earth or the Earth of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that will destroy the surface of a planet just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, that were significantly, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally tied to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked a few years ago, is there a underlying mechanism that we could extract from all of these different issues.
Is there only an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half to the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future of action freedom, or keep open options, with one force T, with the diversity of possible accessible future -- yeah, to an impending future time, culture.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Is artificial intelligence predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder or inner -- during their life they should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually comes straight from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called Europe, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is found inside.
Amazingly, entropy could happen multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money by making action, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of Europe in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling away, here we see Europe balancing automatically a position using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Europe a goal.
He just decided by his mind to balance the position.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out of extreme opposite opposed to the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
And entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of point against itself, illustrate their potential for play.
So here we see entropy to open new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and successfully keep the net connected.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Europe organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Europe spontaneously discover and execute a computer strategy -- version in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponential gesture.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wiredon: What you've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the "Real work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber religion.
Machines are going to go against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber religion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then mega-and-a-half and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking the control instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, "How is it that looking for objective is from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to help them build the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of influence in human history, something between the collision of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and blocking a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to them and their stem star.
And in together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocky planets like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At its time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is getting under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Global glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have been rapidly super our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, nor astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the innovative sector.
Now, as a very interested person in the universe in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets we know better."
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world, shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and, in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our reverses like "The Christian track their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MRI mission, take samples from the atmosphere atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not only the short space flights but also the tension of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with valley ideas and prisons, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
So let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still stay in collaboration, really extinct places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places of the Earth the air is fresh and oxygen packed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets dragged with a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save the only planet that we know is truly horrible, the Earth.
So because I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will start to make a place later on the wild boats --   Thank you.
But the targets for the interplanetary exploration and the land preservation is not contradictible.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like extraterrestrial parks.
They just find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and streams of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Ferra said, having in mind that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Farmer paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough technology to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the interplanetary pollution will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to bring the hostile environments from Mars to the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I applied my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all right closed.
I thought about calling a clock, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a clock could take a lot of time to get there, and I was cold.
I could not go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was worried about my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a middle at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was very good.
I'm a professional professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Coral releases that increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and close to thought.
And when I got to the shower show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in the place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't crising me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Katheriza, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prostitute restaurant.
It's something he learned from psychologist Gary Kleie, who had written from this a few years before, known as the prime.
Everybody knows what the partnership is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the primate, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could come wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things that happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things that we can do in the form of a primate.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will trigger a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which makes the fruit trees, where the tribes and enemy tribes live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is being used in the Taliban taxi taxes.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the electrical sense of the drones, and they could still find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving.
This is the reason for losing cars of reading and rainforests and passengers.
So at home they get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you get a place and you're surgeons with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about trips?
They take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, leadership of driving, passing it by email itself to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortex.
Coral is toxic and it controls thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there are perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is ended up as a project for all of these medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which they would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, broader brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to take a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol -- a station."
And you may have heard about the statistics, and it knows that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you have to ask from which most doctors don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NGOs, the number required to treat.
And what is this, the NBA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of desert statistic is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not prescribe something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not blame of the doctor, and if it's a blame of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the estimates of Bloke that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number required to treat the most widely connected, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before it helps a person?
300.
This by the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Grove and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bootoge.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, or a brain attack, or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 to go down my collapse.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Hello of secondary effects. Yeah?
For this particular medicine, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- sensitive pain pain and articulate pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember, you don't think of climate.
So think about how this is going to look at the time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 people have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug that you can help you of medicine.
I don't say they had or not to take the season.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it is part of the private consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number necessary to treat is pretty typical to treatment.
For the surgery that is done in the older men in 50, the numbers of cancer prostate -- the number required to treat is 49.
This is, 49 surgeries by a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impose of erotic dysfunction or erectile dysfunction -- urban income, recent income, recent income incompation.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent the effects only last one year or two.
So the idea of the printer is to think before time the questions that you can think of the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, do you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think of now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cut under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. You don't need the digestive system, or the release or immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapid. They could be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logic, like Danny Kanzi and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we're all definitions.
We're all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
Rebelling on the night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my hire installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have not ordered and lots of email messages I have not read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pianan, "I am my favorite musical symbol, Picated.
It means playing.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "even "part of the score, you need to play more sure.
Two "poores: even more smooth.
Four "every single stop, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing from a "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Step -- you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "The "God can have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ASA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came during the 1800, and over the time, it was mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ALS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born away. And they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following chemically its rules, used, behaviors and norms.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my stores and they amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't save the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise in eating the fragment of father frog baseball."
"You don't eradicated, and when you're eating up, I claim not to stop the covers on the dish.
This is all called sound little sound."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a superconductor of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous the sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide for it.
TV, to continue.
TV, to announce it.
You can see that the pigmentary doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle boats and sleeps.
In the surface culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the pantellerhouse sign at the ATL.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, for me, to make my thumb with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to be more about art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experiment through the ears.
I can feel it a tactile way, or to experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I began to create a new working body.
And when I presented to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was an air, it was a sense of an eye person.
And the sound is so powerful that well it could be defined to me and my artistic work, or I could be explored.
I chose that I would be shocked.
There is a massive culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me like equal and become my voice.
That way I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different international internationals.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when they asked their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like to take a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could go on the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium -- deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you from a concept at ALS.
The two are very space and highly modeling what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much of the signals and the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a piano metaphor, so that you understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided in many different major ways.
If you assign a different part for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you could just put one telescope at a time.
However, the ATly is more like a clock, you need the 10 fingers just to express a clear concept or idea at ALS.
If only one cell would change the chord -- create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch, bomb and volume.
At ALS, when you use these different big parties, you can express different ideas.
For example, "fight signal in that."
This is the sign system.
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, they caught me.
Oh Oh.
What are you looking at here?
Oh, good.
So I got to think, and if I look at ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of the day," the sun comes out and you put it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say from all night.
"All night.
This is the whole night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights -- "Now," in the night --  (Audience Nigeria."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at ALS, and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand -- it's one hand, two hands, is two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, past -- "An Andrew and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "There's once.
Common "time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "common: I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MD: hand. Mirline, left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Music: MD: Lady layer "The County "The Chechny, E, lady market." I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "Later Lake."
Can you do it with me?
Every single hand at the top.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like a common time or "the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "for "monster in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means collaboration at ALS.
Now, the third one. Please keep me again.
And again.
It's light in the ATL.
We're going to do the three together.
"Did you love," collaboration and illusion."
Good job.
Look at how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous -- just like music.
However, today, we live in a very autobiography world.
And only because the ALS has no sounds -- automatically no social value.
We need to start to question what social value defines and allow ALS to develop its own value without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS. Not that you have to hear to learn music.
The ATly is a rich theater, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your eyes, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
Deng Karlier: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can substitute everything, but then you have to clear it.
freedom. freedom.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I realize that adults also start and that they're not very good at cleaning the other ones.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and I teach citizen and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage there.
So as good citizens, we clean the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic.
It's a speed thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big boards and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them, and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We have transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with absolute high so that the very cheap kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly that.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it as we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
We do.
I leave you to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something that we expect to work.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
Then we really created what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before you lunch.
And we transform light bulb and camera cameras, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer in the verge will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "Institutes: with the hope that someone else even better.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem." But my students at Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they played with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning an oil spill -- just using the hands, in Subsidians, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink is the water in which they're based, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown -- the mud and oil are also brown color and when everything gets mixed -- it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can be used through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help a remote other children.
I can investigate a distance at a distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that it was descend several giant waves called transports, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fuller, a nuclear central near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has contraction traces by "Haiti.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fulleragon radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast -- and most of the time, it makes safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fuller every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center, you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with residence all its life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, strategies -- internalist, etc.
And to do this, we created a surgical map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the rating map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radicalization, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
So with this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and it was demonstrated in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We zoom up to 1.5 miles from nuclear, and with the help of fish fish in the area we were collecting sediments from the sea milk with a server of sediment as we invented and built and build.
Here we see a progress? We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also open-source technologies and very simple code.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little biology, of optical optical -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids in children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accelerated." Apple."
Character Harry, asking things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age by transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin companies, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of one silk silver.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the market in the baby, he saw a figure he struggled for being free.
The paintbrush was only Mexico angle tool.
But living beings are not climbed.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by failures of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have been given a world made of parts -- setting up the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as an assembly of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any monothess in the wild.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin cells are thin with dialogue periods.
The skin skin cells are more thick with little ports.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no embryonics.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality by the variation of equity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between prison and gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting out of the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why couldn't this be possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they make four disciplines that offers to designers access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields and my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales and large-scale and tools like this robotic arm with a value of 24 meters from diameter with a vehicle that has some day not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphics to nano-day microbial microbials that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvented the team, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every openness is only unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion device from Paris with Aristotle van Heritary van Here -- it's like a second skin made from one piece -- ride in the confines, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and failed 3D charts without any costs between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments allow us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also that I absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire you, and by designing this irregular pattern of surface, it becomes a sound.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties. They vary in right, opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another stability, but to vary continuously and deliberately and deliberately and deliberately and deliberately properties.
But is the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't get raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left to me and I was going to define a lot of what matters me.
As she relates: "In the third day of the creation, God sends the Earth to grow a frugal free free tree tree."
For that first frugal tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land has grown trees with branches and cortex, talents and flowers.
The earth created a world made of parts.
I often wonder, "What would be design if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Would we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the frugal tree with fruit and we found it.
The second biometric bioluminescent on the planet is called the catastrophe, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, searching and butterfly.
We think that if we can synthesize their property, we could generate multi-the-art multi-talks in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shocks.  We asked a lot of cars to shrimp, and we dill them and we produce the passage of fancy.
Voice the chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a broad range of property, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures on a large scale, it was built a system with multiple bits of artist controlled artists.
The robot could vary the material properties on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,500 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of the contact with air.
So why are we still designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microbials that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increased bacteria designed genetically to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without seamocate problems, and if it gets even more, in sales.
A frugal tree loaded of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structured structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for designed objects for biomass, put in the sea, will feed marine life and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust to our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for planetary travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computing and additionally manufactured and biologically increased.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid height, only instead of using precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microbials.
The first is the circumstance.
It lives in our oceans and on fresh water stations.
And the second one, E. collect, the bacteria that lies in human intestine.
You turn light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbials don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital touch, which will help you flow these bacteria and to alter their function of way.
And so we started to grow those channels in the human body, to vary the properties of the material according to desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This pretty powerful digital system, when it would stretch from one end to another, ship 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a football field and 10 times more than our thin intestine is delivered.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first perfect philosophy, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shele said, "We're past creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue and maintain our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. It adds with social.
This woman in the worm creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolically.
The non-constant manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different ways.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is learned in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to have a company of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm cancer.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch -- not inside a box, we realized that he would draw a flat cocoon and still metropolitan simply.
So we started designing different environments, different advertisements, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the car, is broadcast directly by the environment.
You often run the silk worms to death within their cars, their silk goes down and use in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the silk silk without boiling a single game.
They are significantly metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a Dutch robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or absorrers, to block the rays of light and heat -- destroying silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the grasses.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to an online silk farm.
And after you feed it four weeks, they were prepared to honor with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were hidden, they were closed, they were standing up, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter big.
Buck Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you shine biological silk on the heavy silent silk, they give all this pavilion his integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The polars, after the election, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silent through a robotic arm, the other one full cows.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
This is a new design age, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make a burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked them this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. five. five.
Now, raise your hand if you say, "What do you want to be more?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and the killing and the art and developed websites -- also, I played the guitar in a bridge band called February Frudwer.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes!" And then again, this point where I start to broke up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all my other passions and resist me to broke.
Another reason why I made so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad on me to not definite anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement, or being displaced, or assignment or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have thought of me.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
You ask ourselves, "What do you want to be more?
When we're about five years old.
And nobody is that nobody cares about what you answer that age.
You consider an naive question to provide nice answers in children like, "I'm astronomer or "a dancer or "I want to be a piece."
You're going to look at the Hall of Talk here.
This question is done for us and again as we grow up in different forms, and I hear -- I heard students in high school wonder they're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a lot?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before we get the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though well-intentioned adults go and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be artificial and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles, and he is a prototype of rape and psychology.
And this Amy NGO, a magazine publisher made in influence, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to spend during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multinational is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mouth by this way.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple and potential and gift.
You can also use other terms that monitor the same idea, as an education, research.
During the time of regard, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shere refers to us as schools."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multi-the-art musician as a limitation or an alliance that you need to see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it looks like this.
Here are three multi-traditional superconductors.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
Jay Baland and Rachel Bina expressed its shared interests in catalog, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mexico.
Man is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
She and Rachel and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its ecology mixed from skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
There is the new ideas.
And the multiplicity, with all their interests, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multi-the-art multiplicity is fast learning.
When the crowd is interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to becoming principle, because it was many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely started from zero.
Norman Dun is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a little piano girl, a incredible capacity to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest known mechanism.
Before I became a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most end line mechanics when he started his practices, and this skill helps him write the compelling launches for publishers to write.
It is rarely a loss of time to spend what you are attracted to, even if at the end of the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-taking superpower is adaptability. That is the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation.
Abed Carden is sometimes director of videos, other pages, websites, sometimes consumer sections, sometimes a teacher, and sometimes when James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles down, depending on the needs of their clients.
The journal Fast Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impressing that they are the individuals and organizations that can be published to satisfy the market needs, those that really will thrive.
So ideas of ideas, fast learning and adaptation, three skills where the multi-taking are very smart, and three skills that could be lost if they're presented to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the multi-taking to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, multi-the-art right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the womb knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams become a specialist and a murdered multiplicity.
Space can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers a broad of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will manipulate the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowd in large parts is because they just are more like their specialized partners.
I once said, if there is one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the internal wiring -- whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multi-taking in the room, including those who have just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, reward with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore intersections.
And embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplicity, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman named Audience was taken by a psychiatric in France.
Audience destroyed and couldn't even remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alas.
Alas didn't know how to help Australia, but I was flying up until that, unfortunately, he died in 1903.
After his death, Alaska did a sugar and found strange plates and evolutions in the business brain, of a guy who never saw before.
Even more surprising.
If Audience would have been alive today, we couldn't give her more aid than Allen gave him 11 years ago.
Alas was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer.
And Audience Depression, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1901, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for cardiovascus and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it'll affect 150 million which, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live up to the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alexander will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Now in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease today, and their cost provides a five times increase in 2050, as it aging the generation of the bamboo boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one you can't prevent or cure or even value its development.
We understand less than the Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause -- lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, "The Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 130 years, all of the scientists, they confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be silent in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to destroying a loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird evolutions in the bus of Audience a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are statements.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick together, forming groups that can form big plates and electrons.
That's what we see in the patient's patient's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what happens to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
Comprise a wire could do anything.
Compliance others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have been reduced and waited the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemicals, physical, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened when these drugs were tested in worms.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are paid between them as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it, we can get it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have found more research and experienced pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Audience, which cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help to talk for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience by testing myself a night last night.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are running to ask 36 questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30 -- this is really like me. Tell your partner what you get from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrinsically.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column love for a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together still still?
And the reason I think you question this is because they've been asked me this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views.
And that led a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was posted online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday. I was already called the South Shop and the Google Moral America.
In one month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing significance about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were calling or writing, what they did every day for weeks, always they were asking the same question: they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman raised to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your non-consumption is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international papers, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered their own lives.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included readers from reading readers by testing the study in them with different success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very impressed with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
I received television interviews, and you have a few pictures of photos of us.
I think I was afraid of becoming the investored icon of the long process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute calculation.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months old, and I felt about all of all, that people ask the wrong question.
How do you know whether we would go together or not, and also tell you?
If the answer was no, would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Arabia wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Aaron called sustainable personal openness and progress and record.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were closer to doing it. Several previous studies also used the President Radio Protocol protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of the police and the community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little university of liberal art, and then a student came to me and told me with a test: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed discovered by it.
And I said, "You mean, you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends?
Did you feel that they were able to know better about testing the study?
The antibody.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I became science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to somehow get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time, I thought I just was researching for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and only as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can really demand to me.
What I look for from love is a gas, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the impossible risk, and this is a very strange story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that question: still follow together?
And his content with a response of Yes or no.
So more than one question, I would propose that we ask ourselves more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love with things complexity? And how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what to love somebody else.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship history, it's this one, a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love -- we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Let's love the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I was a little bit like reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that I knew that choice.
Not to consider how many times we have to make that decision, and how many times will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before it will always pick me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and fan and fun and expressed that choice in the largest daily daily daily day.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what maybe will spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy end of the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of line on a mountain, and in a way I got as a blueprint of the forest.
Something that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar of a dollar, a feather and a fork on her somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species is exchanging ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of execution and make surface and all those weird things, and I was making a collection for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages and made a kind of screen skin scanned to the Agen Martin, covered them from resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to rise as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying wall.
So I did -- I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow around, draw the same way around a car on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own texture of investigated species.
First of all, the biologists, that you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Syria.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in the human form, natural sizes of natural sizes with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I'm dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass sheets, similar to the drawing on a window, then in another window and another window and had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional behavior.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my cultural work with something very big, I call the artist."
For the triangle I was inspired by the garden in the Harvard Boston Department Darken: which is a painting in the Museum of the Product in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of time.
Well, the trick? I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the laws.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the fact, ready to commit in mass ranging in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a layer.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horavisting -- the Petro Planter of the Department -- the Refugant Bin Lady, there are all kinds of rare things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways as well as a kind of writing.
He's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like bathrooms, and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the triangle?
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I hide.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a trajectory, like a piece of bird, and I spit up clouds from this trajectory.
It also has a 50 feet long, a snake tail that joins the architecture."
Anyway, his tail is filmed by the voice on a fly.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go by, you know.
His tail ends up in a collective balloon blog made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
It leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called "Players."
This is a six year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material is encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazine.
But each act acts as a kind of a human field, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope paradigm that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped in its interior inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
Let me take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest and it covers your penis or notion, or whatever it is, a kind of angular thing.
It's a quick review of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are logs coming out and they enter the head of this strange status.
There is a little side scene within the root civilization.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a broken box. It's called Penner Worlds.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a mission, a radio, a radio, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all of the people inside chocolate with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who you and the box is living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made in the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with surface, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when you give them your head?
They take a speed.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and inflationary system so that any drug makes an effect on the body.
The depression, though, is that when you plot it any drugs it divided.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of the CD.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they divide, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV device.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lagger, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incredible and it doesn't easily enter the blood down of patients that are held to regulate therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is an advanced life treatment by wavelent.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse.
As a scientific expert expert, the answer was in front of me, the lessons, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and diabetes and diabetes can be used for anything like this, including the international transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or perform extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We sent a little and powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser passes the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbials.
Before you even realize the hole is represented immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an investment in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an incident that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, whereas the laser uses again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of everything in HIV in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed armed groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insulations or military.
document what these groups do when they're not showing up.
My goal is to understand better to these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confidence.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in the course, because the war has changed.
I used to be a shot between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the non-constant states.
For example, from the 210 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any kind of successful conflict process.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how do they do, but nobody knows what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the books of the liberal, known for his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebel has also established a political party, a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestine, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also admitted the Gaza Farmer since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the IMPD magazine here, printed in English and published to reconstruct.
Armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funding without shared, but by relevant businesses -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
Armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in professional training programs or microbes.
Herb offers all these services and more.
Armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state is not serving, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan developed by war or even the beginning of the II ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the 2008 election victory of 2006, cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid groups.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, we can less categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do we call a group like Hey?
They dominate part of a territory -- they manage all their functions, they collect the garbage -- they threw the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a reflexing group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IID?
The lines are described.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hypothesis, and the weaker the states, like in the Middle East, more intervene and filling that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in non-profit tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and constant peace.
If we understand better to armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolence to violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance vaccine that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a female and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very often, but I fear that accepting the feminist tag would be unfair.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I am accepted as a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The evil Female: and then in interviews, people started to call me the Malaysia Family.
So what started as a personal joke destroyed myself and a deliberate proposition, has become something larger.
Let me take a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry women with men and who hated sex as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when people were going to be a feminist thing.
It will be labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
I was taken as a woman who does not follow the rules, which begs too much autonomous, and it dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that reflective woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I'm actually feminist.
For me, certain claims are sure, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same way for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing legislation or evolutionary doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There is more.
When you talk about women's needs, we have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusive, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contractions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist there.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music frozen to all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and deeply offends me, the classic Sanchology Shah from the High Bank is incredible.
"I make it really with your broken t-shirt.
Pete, give you, move until you get the contractor."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the garbage collection, the care of the sperm and the machinery maintenance of the machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Battery and the romantic comedy -- and I have a fantastic amount of the fairy fairy fairy tales that are made.
Some of my devices are slowly.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose it.
Let's solve this problem.
I reject the conventional feminist that has been ignored or definitely defended the needs of women of color, and the workers, gay and transgendered women, in favor of white women, health and high class.
listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist for me.
It also happens this: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put footprint on a pen.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we get decorated, we took them up with a lot of taste, from the same piece where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider that pedestrian before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, they have fear of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist by fear to what that tag means, by fear of not being able to fulfill with the little realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the David Music Video of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "food of three meters high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop open openly the feminist and make women know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent the time, cultural critics started interested debates if Benki was or not a feminist.
They calculated their feminist instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded the feminists of the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need a lot of we need a lot.
We go far beyond sensible criticism and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of particular.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our instructions to realize the action and to be a little bit more courageous to it.
If I listen to degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does its music be so pitch?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decisions and brilliant girls, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport -- the Troon Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the movie somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers, as bear sacks.
In any case, the men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refused to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making.
Because we are not a few people -- without these efforts, without embracing these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions come to the top, the people in the power and music producers and music producers and media, CEOs, the people who can make big decisions, more brave decisions, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also tell with our feminist, well, bad, or any getting in it.
The last line of my book "Man Femanism," he says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially my voice was stealing me and the feminist helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it incentive to address what happened.
A few kids doubled me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as a nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I don't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with that I came back to write.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if I was a little courageous -- another woman could hear and look at me and realize that none of us is the world trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when more you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 130 children in California had been used to have visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Man.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the politics of autism and described vaccines and discovered and marked by being a fraud called British Medical Journalism?
Do you don't think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a strategic?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to be afraid that vaccines are going into danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it creates the entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the estimates of prevalence followed, just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started to shoot up.
Organization organizations like autism Assau are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could come from another child in Denealer.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Alberton Disease Control what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like a shame of embarrassing diagnostic and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at his face of his two years, the visual contact contact the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reflective at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than the slow, climbing progress of science than with the self-replaced power.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanzi, from the hospital Johns Hopkins in 1973, Kannia published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, not to people around their own parents.
They could be fun for hours running their hands before their faces, but they were prey of the panic for remembers like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kannia speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, to declare that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while collecting reference of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kingson criteria for autism diagnosis was very resilience.
For example, I decided to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was based on he had turned to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her budget for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kannian was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certain.
He chose autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and screened parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a refrigerator.
At the same time, the Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are showing in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he was right to say, "Beauty."
But Kannia had a bad opinion of these skills, adding things like kids were simply reporting what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval participants.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test Kannian theory that autism was weird.
Long Window, the cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of New Kinga refused to be pretty stupid.
She and her husband John was warm and affected, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Sussecula.
Long and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sussect without special education, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that they needed more resources for autistic kids and family, Louvis and their colleague Judith Goldo decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They pasted a London suburb called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was clear that Kannian model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were shocked in their fascination for astronomy, in the dinosaurs or in the genealogy of it.
Another way, these kids didn't fit in beautiful paintings and threatened strands, as Judi said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kannia would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have stopped these children before?
But then Louis found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kanzi article -- and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided writing in his own work.
There was no even one translation to English, but luckily, the Mario husband was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperge, who ran an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's teaching children with learning differences were even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise with music, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Appremetty described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space specialized during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
So fundamentally, Appreher saw autism as a diverse continuum that would have a staggering variety of dollars and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, seeing aspects of this continuous continuum in the pop culture like the social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art, a list of autism is essential.
And Louvis and Judi discovered that Kanian was wrong that autism was infectious, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychology to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into prime, by suggesting the limited model of Kenya by a broad and inclusive model of Appreher.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacred.
Castly, when Louvis and Judi were working between bases to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Rain Man in 1988, just a little circle, I was just a little circle, I knew what the autism was, but after the intensity of Duranline Humanity and the recognition of Rain Man with four awards of Alexander, paintings, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to use the autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of Ragi Man the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created an effect of network, a perfect storm.
The number of diagnoses began to extend, just like they predicted Lord and Judy, in fact hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Warloom came to blame the vaccines by the rise in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful history of such as bad as Kannian theory that autism was remarkable.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve the new medical advances -- as the term neuroscientists to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows. Doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distinguished, obviously, and it suffers from a device of attention to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching approach, which creates that the cure for the most advanced aspects of autism is in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Kohon Zakoks once said, "We need all the hands in covered to make the boat of humanity?
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
